

  KNOWING within myself the manner in which this Poem has been
produced, it is not without a feeling of regret that I make it public.
  What manner I mean, will be quite clear to the reader, who must soon
perceive great inexperience, immaturity, and every error denoting a
feverish attempt, rather than a deed accomplished. The two first
books, and indeed the two last, I feel sensible are not of such
completion as to warrant their passing the press; nor should they if I
thought a year's castigation would do them any good;- it will not: the
foundations are too sandy. It is just that this youngster should die
away: a sad thought for me, if I had not some hope that while it is
dwindling I may be plotting, and fitting myself for verses fit to
live.
  This may be speaking too presumptuously, and may deserve a
punishment: but no feeling man will be forward to inflict it: he will
leave me alone, with the conviction that there is not fiercer hell
than the failure in a great object. This is not written with the
least atom of purpose to forestall criticisms of course, but from the
desire I have to conciliate men who are competent to look, and who do
look witha zealous eye, to the honour of English literature.
  The imagination of a boy is healthy, and the mature imagination of a
man is healthy; but there is a space of life between, in which the
soul is in a ferment, the character undecided, the way of life
uncertain, the ambition thick-sighted: thence proceeds mawkishness,
and all the thousand bitters which those men I speak of must
necessarily taste in going over the following pages.
  I hope I have not in too late a day touched the beautiful
mythology of Greece and dulled its brightness: for I wish to try
once more, before I bid it farewell.

  TEIGNMOUTH,
  April 10, 1818
                        BOOK I.

        A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
        Its loveliness increases; it will never
        Pass into nothingness; but still will keep
        A bower quiet for us, and a sleep
        Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
        Therefore, on every morrow, are we wreathing
        A flowery band to bind us to the earth,
        Spite of despondence, of the inhuman dearth
        Of noble natures, of the gloomy days,
        Of all the unhealthy and o'er-darkened ways
        Made for our searching: yes, in spite of all,
        Some shape of beauty moves away the pall
        From our dark spirits. Such the sun, the moon,
        Trees old, and young, sprouting a shady boon
        For simple sheep; and such are daffodils
        With the green world they live in; and clear rills
        That for themselves a cooling covert make
        'Gainst the hot season; the mid forest brake,
        Rich with a sprinkling of fair musk-rose blooms:
        And such too is the grandeur of the dooms
        We have imagined for the mighty dead;
        All lovely tales that we have heard or read:
        An endless fountain of immortal drink,
        Pouring unto us from the heaven's brink.

          Nor do we merely feel these essences
        For one short hour; no, even as the trees
        That whisper round a temple become soon
        Dear as the temple's self, so does the moon,
        The passion poesy, glories infinite,
        Haunt us till they become a cheering light
        Unto our souls, and bound to us so fast,
        That, whether there be shine, or gloom o'ercast,
        They alway must be with us, or we die.

          Therefore, 'tis with full happiness that I
        Will trace the story of Endymion.
        The very music of the name has gone
        Into my being, and each pleasant scene
        Is growing fresh before me as the green
        Of our own vallies: so I will begin
        Now while I cannot hear the city's din;
        Now while the early budders are just new,
        And run in mazes of the youngest hue
        About old forests; while the willow trails
        Its delicate amber; and the dairy pails
        Bring home increase of milk. And, as the year
        Grows lush in juicy stalks, I'll smoothly steer
        My little boat, for many quiet hours,
        With streams that deepen freshly into bowers.
        Many and many a verse I hope to write,
        Before the daisies, vermeil rimm'd and white,
        Hide in deep herbage; and ere yet the bees
        Hum about globes of clover and sweet peas,
        I must be near the middle of my story.
        O may no wintry season, bare and hoary,
        See it half finish'd: but let Autumn bold,
        With universal tinge of sober gold,
        Be all about me when I make an end.
        And now at once, adventuresome, I send
        My herald thought into a wilderness:
        There let its trumpet blow, and quickly dress
        My uncertain path with green, that I may speed
        Easily onward, thorough flowers and weed.

          Upon the sides of Latmos was outspread
        A mighty forest; for the moist earth fed
        So plenteously all weed-hidden roots
        Into o'er-hanging boughs, and precious fruits.
        And it had gloomy shades, sequestered deep,
        Where no man went; and if from shepherd's keep
        A lamb stray'd far a-down those inmost glens,
        Never again saw he the happy pens
        Whither his brethren, bleating with content,
        Over the hills at every nightfall went.
        Among the shepherds, 'twas believed ever,
        That not one fleecy lamb which thus did sever
        From the white flock, but pass'd unworried
        By angry wolf, or pard with prying head,
        Until it came to some unfooted plains
        Where fed the herds of Pan: aye great his gains
        Who thus one lamb did lose. Paths there were many,
        Winding through palmy fern, and rushes fenny,
        And ivy banks; all leading pleasantly
        To a wide lawn, whence one could only see
        Stems thronging all around between the swell
        Of turf and slanting branches: who could tell
        The freshness of the space of heaven above,
        Edg'd round with dark tree tops? through which a dove
        Would often beat its wings, and often too
        A little cloud would move across the blue.

          Full in the middle of this pleasantness
        There stood a marble altar, with a tress
        Of flowers budded newly; and the dew
        Had taken fairy phantasies to strew
        Daisies upon the sacred sward last eve,
        And so the dawned light in pomp receive.
        For 'twas the morn: Apollo's upward fire
        Made every eastern cloud a silvery pyre
        Of brightness so unsullied, that therein
        A melancholy spirit well might win
        Oblivion, and melt out his essence fine
        Into the winds: rain-scented eglantine
        Gave temperate sweets to that well-wooing sun;
        The lark was lost in him; cold springs had run
        To warm their chilliest bubbles in the grass;
        Man's voice was on the mountains; and the mass
        Of nature's lives and wonders puls'd tenfold,
        To feel this sun-rise and its glories old.

          Now while the silent workings of the dawn
        Were busiest, into that self-same lawn
        All suddenly, with joyful cries, there sped
        A troop of little children garlanded;
        Who gathering round the altar, seem'd to pry
        Earnestly round as wishing to espy
        Some folk of holiday: nor had they waited
        For many moments, ere their ears were sated
        With a faint breath of music, which ev'n then
        Fill'd out its voice, and died away again.
        Within a little space again it gave
        Its airy swellings, with a gentle wave,
        To light-hung leaves, in smoothest echoes breaking
        Through copse-clad vallies,- ere their death, o'ertaking
        The surgy murmurs of the lonely sea.

          And now, as deep into the wood as we
        Might mark a lynx's eye, there glimmered light
        Fair faces and a rush of garments white,
        Plainer and plainer showing, till at last
        Into the widest alley they all past,
        Making directly for the woodland altar.
        O kindly muse! let not my weak tongue faulter
        In telling of this goodly company,
        Of their old piety, and of their glee:
        But let a portion of ethereal dew
        Fall on my head, and presently unmew
        My soul; that I may dare, in wayfaring,
        To stammer where old Chaucer us'd to sing.

          Leading the way, young damsels danced along,
        Bearing the burden of a shepherd song;
        Each having a white wicker over brimm'd
        With April's tender younglings: next, well trimm'd,
        A crowd of shepherds with as sunburnt looks
        As may be read of in Arcadian books;
        Such as sat listening round Apollo's pipe,
        When the great deity, for earth too ripe,
        Let his divinity o'erflowing die
        In music, through the vales of Thessaly:
        Some idly trail'd their sheep-hooks on the ground,
        And some kept up a shrilly mellow sound
        With ebon-tipped flutes: close after these,
        Now coming from beneath the forest trees,
        A venerable priest full soberly,
        Begirt with ministring looks: alway his eye
        Stedfast upon the matted turf he kept,
        And after him his sacred vestments swept.
        From his right hand there swung a vase, milk-white,
        Of mingled wine, out-sparkling generous light;
        And in his left he held a basket full
        Of all sweet herbs that searching eye could cull:
        Wild thyme, and valley-lillies whiter still
        Than Leda's love, and cresses from the rill.
        His aged head, crowned with beechen wreath,
        Seem'd like a poll of ivy in the teeth
        Of winter hoar. Then came another crowd
        Of shepherds, lifting in due time aloud
        Their share of the ditty. After them appear'd,
        Up-followed by a multitude that rear'd
        Their voices to the clouds, a fair wrought car,
        Easily rolling so as scarce to mar
        The freedom of three steeds of dapple brown:
        Who stood therein did seem of great renown
        Among the throng. His youth was fully blown,
        Showing like Ganymede to manhood grown;
        And, for those simple times, his garments were
        A chieftain king's: beneath his breast, half bare,
        Was hung a silver bugle, and between
        His nervy knees there lay a boar-spear keen.
        A smile was on his countenance; he seem'd,
        To common lookers on, like one who dream'd
        Of idleness in groves Elysian:
        But there were some who feelingly could scan
        A lurking trouble in his nether lip,
        And see that oftentimes the reins would slip
        Through his forgotten hands: then would they sigh,
        And think of yellow leaves, of owlets' cry,
        Of logs piled solemnly.- Ah, well-a-day,
        Why should our young Endymion pine away!

          Soon the assembly, in a circle rang'd,
        Stood silent round the shrine: each look was chang'd
        To sudden veneration: women meek
        Beckon'd their sons to silence; while each cheek
        Of virgin bloom paled gently for slight fear.
        Endymion too, without a forest peer,
        Stood, wan, and pale, and with an awed face,
        Among his brothers of the mountain chace.
        In midst of all, the venerable priest
        Eyed them with joy from greatest to the least,
        And, after lifting up his aged hands,
        Thus spake he: "Men of Latmos! shepherd bands!
        Whose care it is to guard a thousand flocks:
        Whether descended from beneath the rocks
        That overtop your mountains; whether come
        From vallies where the pipe is never dumb;
        Or from your swelling downs, where sweet air stirs
        Blue hare-bells lightly, and where prickly furze
        Buds lavish gold; or ye, whose precious charge
        Nibble their fill at ocean's very marge,
        Whose mellow reeds are touch'd with sounds forlorn
        By the dim echoes of old Triton's horn:
        Mothers and wives! who day by day prepare
        The scrip, with needments, for the mountain air;
        And all ye gentle girls who foster up
        Udderless lambs, and in a little cup
        Will put choice honey for a favoured youth:
        Yea, every one attend! for in good truth
        Our vows are wanting to our great god Pan.
        Are not our lowing heifers sleeker than
        Night-swollen mushrooms? Are not our wide plains
        Speckled with countless fleeces? Have not rains
        Green'd over April's lap? No howling sad
        Sickens our fearful ewes; and we have had
        Great bounty from Endymion our lord.
        The earth is glad: the merry lark has pour'd
        His early song against yon breezy sky,
        That spreads so clear o'er our solemnity."

          Thus ending, on the shrine he heap'd a spire
        Of teeming sweets, enkindling sacred fire;
        Anon he stain'd the thick and spongy sod
        With wine, in honour of the shepherd-god.
        Now while the earth was drinking it, and while
        Bay leaves were crackling in the fragrant pile,
        And gummy frankincense was sparkling bright
        'Neath smothering parsley, and a hazy light
        Spread greyly eastward, thus a chorus sang:

          "O thou, whose mighty palace roof doth hang
        From jagged trunks, and overshadoweth
        Eternal whispers, glooms, the birth, life, death
        Of unseen flowers in heavy peacefulness;
        Who lov'st to see the hamadryads dress
        Their ruffled locks where meeting hazels darken;
        And through whole solemn hours dost sit, and hearken
        The dreary melody of bedded reeds-
        In desolate places, where dank moisture breeds
        The pipy hemlock to strange overgrowth;
        Bethinking thee, how melancholy loth
        Thou wast to lose fair Syrinx- do thou now,
        By thy love's milky brow!
        By all the trembling mazes that she ran,
        Hear us, great Pan!

          "O thou, for whose soul-soothing quiet, turtles
        Passion their voices cooingly 'mong myrtles,
        What time thou wanderest at eventide
        Through sunny meadows, that outskirt the side
        Of thine enmossed realms: O thou, to whom
        Broad leaved fig trees even now foredoom
        Their ripen'd fruitage; yellow girted bees
        Their golden honeycombs; our village leas
        Their fairest blossom'd beans and poppied corn;
        The chuckling linnet its five young unborn,
        To sing for thee; low creeping strawberries
        Their summer coolness; pent up butterflies
        Their freckled wings; yea, the fresh budding year
        All its completions- be quickly near,
        By every wind that nods the mountain pine,
        O forester divine!

          "Thou, to whom every faun and satyr flies
        For willing service; whether to surprise
        The squatted hare while in half sleeping fit;
        Or upward ragged precipices flit
        To save poor lambkins from the eagle's maw;
        Or by mysterious enticement draw
        Bewildered shepherds to their path again;
        Or to tread breathless round the frothy main,
        And gather up all fancifullest shells
        For thee to tumble into Naiads' cells,
        And, being hidden, laugh at their out-peeping;
        Or to delight thee with fantastic leaping,
        The while they pelt each other on the crown
        With silvery oak apples, and fir cones brown-
        By all the echoes that about thee ring,
        Hear us, O satyr king!

          "O Hearkener to the loud clapping shears
        While ever and anon to his shorn peers
        A ram goes bleating: Winder of the horn,
        When snouted wild-boars routing tender corn
        Anger our huntsmen: Breather round our farms,
        To keep off mildews, and all weather harms:
        Strange ministrant of undescribed sounds,
        That come a swooning over hollow grounds,
        And wither drearily on barren moors:
        Dread opener of the mysterious doors
        Leading to universal knowledge- see,
        Great son of Dryope,
        The many that are come to pay their vows
        With leaves about their brows!

          "Be still the unimaginable lodge
        For solitary thinkings; such as dodge
        Conception to the very bourne of heaven,
        Then leave the naked brain: be still the leaven,
        That spreading in this dull and clodded earth
        Gives it a touch ethereal- a new birth:
        Be still a symbol of immensity;
        A firmament reflected in a sea;
        An element filling the space between;
        An unknown- but no more: we humbly screen
        With uplift hands our foreheads, lowly bending,
        And giving out a shout most heaven rending,
        Conjure thee to receive our humble Paean,
        Upon thy Mount Lycean!"

          Even while they brought the burden to a close,
        A shout from the whole multitude arose,
        That lingered in the air like dying rolls
        Of abrupt thunder, when Ionian shoals
        Of dolphins bob their noses through the brine.
        Meantime, on shady levels, mossy fine,
        Young companies nimbly began dancing
        To the swift treble pipe, and humming string.
        Aye, those fair living forms swam heavenly
        To tunes forgotten- out of memory:
        Fair creatures! whose young children's children bred
        Thermopylae its heroes- not yet dead,
        But in old marbles ever beautiful.
        High genitors, unconscious did they cull
        Time's sweet first-fruits- they danc'd to weariness,
        And then in quiet circles did they press
        The hillock turf, and caught the latter end
        Of some strange history, potent to send
        A young mind from its bodily tenement.
        Or they might watch the quoit-pitchers, intent
        On either side; pitying the sad death
        Of Hyacinthus, when the cruel breath
        Of Zephyr slew him,- Zephyr penitent,
        Who now, ere Phoebus mounts the firmament,
        Fondles the flower amid the sobbing rain.
        The archers too, upon a wider plain,
        Beside the feathery whizzing of the shaft,
        And the dull twanging bowstring, and the raft
        Branch down sweeping from a tall ash top,
        Call'd up a thousand thoughts to envelope
        Those who would watch. Perhaps, the trembling knee
        And frantic gape of lonely Niobe,
        Poor, lonely Niobe! when her lovely young
        Were dead and gone, and her caressing tongue
        Lay a lost thing upon her paly lip,
        And very, very deadliness did nip
        Her motherly cheeks. Arous'd from this sad mood
        By one, who at a distance loud halloo'd,
        Uplifting his strong bow into the air,
        Many might after brighter visions stare:
        After the Argonauts, in blind amaze
        Tossing about on Neptune's restless ways,
        Until, from the horizon's vaulted side,
        There shot a golden splendour far and wide,
        Spangling those million poutings of the brine
        With quivering ore: 'twas even an awful shine
        From the exaltation of Apollo's bow;
        A heavenly beacon in their dreary woe.
        Who thus were ripe for high contemplating,
        Might turn their steps towards the sober ring
        Where sat Endymion and the aged priest
        'Mong shepherds gone in eld, whose looks increas'd
        The silvery setting of their mortal star.
        There they discours'd upon the fragile bar
        That keeps us from our homes ethereal;
        And what our duties there: to nightly call
        Vesper, the beauty-crest of summer weather;
        To summon all the downiest clouds together
        For the sun's purple couch; to emulate
        In ministring the potent rule of fate
        With speed of fire-tail'd exhalations;
        To tint her pallid cheek with bloom, who cons
        Sweet poesy by moonlight: besides these,
        A world of other unguess'd offices.
        Anon they wander'd, by divine converse,
        Into Elysium; vieing to rehearse
        Each one his own anticipated bliss.
        One felt heart-certain that he could not miss
        His quick gone love, among fair blossom'd boughs,
        Where every zephyr-sigh pouts, and endows
        Her lips with music for the welcoming.
        Another wish'd, mid that eternal spring,
        To meet his rosy child, with feathery sails,
        Sweeping, eye-earnestly, through almond vales:
        Who, suddenly, should stoop through the smooth wind,
        And with the balmiest leaves his temples bind;
        And, ever after, through those regions be
        His messenger, his little Mercury.
        Some were athirst in soul to see again
        Their fellow huntsmen o'er the wide champaign
        In times long past; to sit with them, and talk
        Of all the chances in their earthly walk;
        Comparing, joyfully, their plenteous stores
        Of happiness, to when upon the moors,
        Benighted, close they huddled from the cold,
        And shar'd their famish'd scrips. Thus all out-told
        Their fond imaginations,- saving him
        Whose eyelids curtain'd up their jewels dim,
        Endymion: yet hourly had he striven
        To hide the cankering venom, that had riven
        His fainting recollections. Now indeed
        His senses had swoon'd off: he did not heed
        The sudden silence, or the whispers low,
        Or the old eyes dissolving at his woe,
        Or anxious calls, or close of trembling palms,
        Or maiden's sigh, that grief itself embalms:
        But in the self-same fixed trance he kept,
        Like one who on the earth had never stept.
        Aye, even as dead still as a marble man,
        Frozen in that old tale Arabian.

          Who whispers him so pantingly and close?
        Peona, his sweet sister: of all those,
        His friends, the dearest. Hushing signs she made,
        And breath'd a sister's sorrow to persuade
        A yielding up, a cradling on her care.
        Her eloquence did breathe away the curse:
        She led him, like some midnight spirit nurse
        Of happy changes in emphatic dreams,
        Along a path between two little streams,-
        Guarding his forehead, with her round elbow,
        From low-grown branches, and his footsteps slow
        From stumbling over stumps and hillocks small;
        Until they came to where these streamlets fall,
        With mingled bubblings and a gentle rush,
        Into a river, clear, brimful, and flush
        With crystal mocking of the trees and sky.
        A little shallop, floating there hard by,
        Pointed its beak over the fringed bank;
        And soon it lightly dipt, and rose, and sank,
        And dipt again, with the young couple's weight,-
        Peona guiding, through the water straight,
        Towards a bowery island opposite;
        Which gaining presently, she steered light
        Into a shady, fresh, and ripply cove,
        Where nested was an arbour, overwove
        By many a summer's silent fingering;
        To whose cool bosom she was used to bring
        Her playmates, with their needle broidery,
        And minstrel memories of times gone by.

          So she was gently glad to see him laid
        Under her favourite bower's quiet shade,
        On her own couch, new made of flower leaves,
        Dried carefully on the cooler side of sheaves
        When last the sun his autumn tresses shook,
        And the tann'd harvesters rich armfuls took.
        Soon was he quieted to slumbrous rest:
        But, ere it crept upon him, he had prest
        Peona's busy hand against his lips,
        And still, a sleeping, held her finger-tips
        In tender pressure. And as a willow keeps
        A patient watch over the stream that creeps
        Windingly by it, so the quiet maid
        Held her in peace: so that a whispering blade
        Of grass, a wailful gnat, a bee bustling
        Down in the blue-bells, or a wren light rustling
        Among sere leaves and twigs, might all be heard.

          O magic sleep! O comfortable bird,
        That broodest o'er the troubled sea of the mind
        Till it is hush'd and smooth! O unconfin'd
        Restraint! imprisoned liberty! great key
        To golden palaces, strange minstrelsy,
        Fountains grotesque, new trees, bespangled caves,
        Echoing grottos, full of tumbling waves
        And moonlight; aye, to all the mazy world
        Of silvery enchantment!- who, upfurl'd
        Beneath thy drowsy wing a triple hour,
        But renovates and lives?- Thus, in the bower,
        Endymion was calm'd to life again.
        Opening his eyelids with a healthier brain,
        He said: "I feel this thine endearing love
        All through my bosom: thou art as a dove
        Trembling its closed eyes and sleeked wings
        About me; and the pearliest dew not brings
        Such morning incense from the fields of May,
        As do those brighter drops that twinkling stray
        From those kind eyes,- the very home and haunt
        Of sisterly affection. Can I want
        Aught else, aught nearer heaven, than such tears?
        Yet dry them up, in bidding hence all fears
        That, any longer, I will pass my days
        Alone and sad. No, I will once more raise
        My voice upon the mountain-heights; once more
        Make my horn parley from their foreheads hoar:
        Again my trooping hounds their tongues shall loll
        Around the breathed boar: again I'll poll
        The fair-grown yew tree, for a chosen bow:
        And, when the pleasant sun is setting low,
        Again I'll linger in a sloping mead
        To hear the speckled thrushes, and see feed
        Our idle sheep. So be thou cheered, sweet,
        And, if thy lute is here, softly intreat
        My soul to keep in its resolved course."

          Hereat Peona, in their silver source,
        Shut her pure sorrow drops with glad exclaim,
        And took a lute, from which there pulsing came
        A lively prelude, fashioning the way
        In which her voice should wander. 'Twas a lay
        More subtle cadenced, more forest wild
        Than Dryope's lone lulling of her child;
        And nothing since has floated in the air
        So mournful strange. Surely some influence rare
        Went, spiritual, through the damsel's hand;
        For still, with Delphic emphasis, she spann'd
        The quick invisible strings, even though she saw
        Endymion's spirit melt away and thaw
        Before the deep intoxication.
        But soon she came, with sudden burst, upon
        Her self-possession- swung the lute aside,
        And earnestly said: "Brother, 'tis vain to hide
        That thou dost know of things mysterious,
        Immortal, starry; such alone could thus
        Weigh down thy nature. Hast thou sinn'd in aught
        Offensive to the heavenly power? Caught
        A Paphian dove upon a message sent?
        Thy deathful bow against some deer-herd bent
        Sacred to Dian? Haply, thou hast seen
        Her naked limbs among the alders green;
        And that, alas! is death. No, I can trace
        Something more high perplexing in thy face!"

          Endymion look'd at her, and press'd her hand,
        And said, "Art thou so pale, who wast so bland
        And merry in our meadows? How is this?
        Tell me thine ailment: tell me all amiss!-
        Ah! thou hast been unhappy at the change
        Wrought suddenly in me. What indeed more strange?
        Or more complete to overwhelm surmise?
        Ambition is so sluggard; 'tis no prize,
        That toiling years would put within my grasp,
        That I have sighed for: with so deadly gasp
        No man e'er panted for a mortal love.
        So all have set my heavier grief above
        These things which happen. Rightly have they done:
        I, who still saw the horizontal sun
        Heave his broad shoulder o'er the edge of the world,
        Out-facing Lucifer, and then had hurl'd
        My spear aloft, as signal for the chace-
        I, who, for very sport of heart, would race
        With my own steed from Araby; pluck down
        A vulture from his towery perching; frown
        A lion into growling, loth retire-
        To lose, at once, all my toil-breeding fire,
        And sink thus low! but I will ease my breast
        Of secret grief, here in this bowery nest.

          "This river does not see the naked sky,
        Till it begins to progress silverly
        Around the western border of the wood,
        Whence, from a certain spot, its winding flood
        Seems at the distance like a crescent moon:
        And in that nook, the very pride of June,
        Had I been used to pass my weary eves;
        The rather for the sun unwilling leaves
        So dear a picture of his sovereign power,
        And I could witness his most kingly hour,
        When he doth tighten up the golden reins,
        And paces leisurely down amber plains
        His snorting four. Now when his chariot last
        Its beams against the zodiac-lion cast,
        There blossom'd suddenly a magic bed
        Of sacred ditamy, and poppies red:
        At which I wondered greatly, knowing well
        That but one night had wrought this flowery spell;
        And, sitting down close by, began to muse
        What it might mean. Perhaps, thought I, Morpheus,
        In passing here, his owlet pinions shook;
        Or, it may be, ere matron Night uptook
        Her ebon urn, young Mercury, by stealth,
        Had dipt his rod in it: such garland wealth
        Came not by common growth. Thus on I thought,
        Until my head was dizzy and distraught.
        Moreover, through the dancing poppies stole
        A breeze, most softly lulling to my soul;
        And shaping visions all about my sight
        Of colours, wings, and bursts of spangly light;
        The which became more strange, and strange, and dim,
        And then were gulph'd in a tumultuous swim:
        And then I fell asleep. Ah, can I tell
        The enchantment that afterwards befel?
        Yet it was but a dream: yet such a dream
        That never tongue, although it overteem
        With mellow utterance, like a cavern spring,
        Could figure out and to conception bring
        All I beheld and felt. Methought I lay
        Watching the zenith, where the milky way
        Among the stars in virgin splendour pours;
        And travelling my eye, until the doors
        Of heaven appear'd to open for my flight,
        I became loth and fearful to alight
        From such high soaring by a downward glance:
        So kept me stedfast in that airy trance,
        Spreading imaginary pinions wide.
        When, presently, the stars began to glide,
        And faint away, before my eager view:
        At which I sigh'd that I could not pursue,
        And dropt my vision to the horizon's verge;
        And lo! from opening clouds, I saw emerge
        The loveliest moon, that ever silver'd o'er
        A shell for Neptune's goblet: she did soar
        So passionately bright, my dazzled soul
        Commingling with her argent spheres did roll
        Through clear and cloudy, even when she went
        At last into a dark and vapoury tent-
        Whereat, methought, the lidless-eyed train
        Of planets all were in the blue again.
        To commune with those orbs, once more I rais'd
        My sight right upward: but it was quite dazed
        By a bright something, sailing down apace,
        Making me quickly veil my eyes and face:
        Again I look'd, and, O ye deities,
        Who from Olympus watch our destinies!
        Whence that completed form of all completeness?
        Whence came that high perfection of all sweetness?
        Speak, stubborn earth, and tell me where, O where
        Hast thou a symbol of her golden hair?
        Not oat-sheaves drooping in the western sun;
        Not- thy soft hand, fair sister! let me shun
        Such follying before thee- yet she had,
        Indeed, locks bright enough to make me mad;
        And they were simply gordian'd up and braided,
        Leaving, in naked comeliness, unshaded,
        Her pearl round ears, white neck, and orbed brow;
        The which were blended in, I know not how,
        With such a paradise of lips and eyes,
        Blush-tinted cheeks, half smiles, and faintest sighs,
        That, when I think thereon, my spirit clings
        And plays about its fancy, till the stings
        Of human neighbourhood envenom all.
        Unto what awful power shall I call?
        To what high fane?- Ah! see her hovering feet,
        More bluely vein'd, more soft, more whitely sweet
        Than those of sea-born Venus, when she rose
        From out her cradle shell. The wind out-blows
        Her scarf into a fluttering pavillion;
        'Tis blue, and over-spangled with a million
        Of little eyes, as though thou wert to shed,
        Over the darkest, lushest blue-bell bed,
        Handfuls of daisies."- "Endymion, how strange!
        Dream within dream!"- "She took an airy range,
        And then, towards me, like a very maid,
        Came blushing, waning, willing, and afraid,
        And press'd me by the hand: Ah! 'twas too much;
        Methought I fainted at the charmed touch,
        Yet held my recollections, even as one
        Who dives three fathoms where the waters run
        Gurgling in beds of coral: for anon,
        I felt upmounted in that region
        Where falling stars dart their artillery forth,
        And eagles struggle with the buffeting north
        That balances the heavy meteor-stone;-
        Felt too, I was not fearful, nor alone,
        But lapp'd and lull'd along the dangerous sky.
        Soon, as it seem'd, we left our journeying high,
        And straightway into frightful eddies swoop'd;
        Such as aye muster where grey time has scoop'd
        Huge dens and caverns in a mountain's side;
        There hollow sounds arous'd me, and I sigh'd
        To faint once more by looking on my bliss-
        I was distracted; madly did I kiss
        The wooing arms which held me, and did give
        My eyes at once to death: but 'twas to live,
        To take in draughts of life from the gold fount
        Of kind and passionate looks; to count, and count
        The moments, by some greedy help that seem'd
        A second self, that each might be redeem'd
        And plunder'd of its load of blessedness.
        Ah, desperate mortal! I e'en dar'd to press
        Her very cheek against my crowned lip,
        And, at that moment, felt my body dip
        Into a warmer air: a moment more,
        Our feet were soft in flowers. There was store
        Of newest joys upon that alp. Sometimes
        A scent of violets, and blossoming limes,
        Loiter'd around us; then of honey cells,
        Made delicate from all white-flower bells;
        And once, above the edges of our nest,
        An arch face peep'd,- an Oread as I guess'd.

          "Why did I dream that sleep o'er-power'd me
        In midst of all this heaven? Why not see,
        Far off, the shadows of his pinions dark,
        And stare them from me? But no, like a spark
        That needs must die, although its little beam
        Reflects upon a diamond, my sweet dream
        Fell into nothing- into stupid sleep.
        And so it was, until a gentle creep,
        A careful moving caught my waking ears,
        And up I started: Ah! my sighs, my tears,
        My clenched hands:- for lo! the poppies hung
        Dew-dabbled on their stalks, the ouzel sung
        A heavy ditty, and the sullen day
        Had chidden herald Hesperus away,
        With leaden looks: the solitary breeze
        Bluster'd, and slept, and its wild self did teaze
        With wayward melancholy; and I thought,
        Mark me, Peona! that sometimes it brought
        Faint fare-thee-wells, and sigh-shrilled adieus!-
        Away I wander'd- all the pleasant hues
        Of heaven and earth had faded: deepest shades
        Were deepest dungeons; heaths and sunny glades
        Were full of pestilent light; our taintless rills
        Seem'd sooty, and o'er-spread with upturn'd gills
        Of dying fish; the vermeil rose had blown
        In frightful scarlet, and its thorns out-grown
        Like spiked aloe. If an innocent bird
        Before my heedless footsteps stirr'd, and stirr'd
        In little journeys, I beheld in it
        A disguis'd demon, missioned to knit
        My soul with under darkness; to entice
        My stumblings down some monstrous precipice:
        Therefore I eager followed, and did curse
        The disappointment. Time, that aged nurse,
        Rock'd me to patience. Now, thank gentle heaven!
        These things, with all their comfortings, are given
        To my down-sunken hours, and with thee,
        Sweet sister, help to stem the ebbing sea
        Of weary life."

                            Thus ended he, and both
        Sat silent: for the maid was very loth
        To answer; feeling well that breathed words
        Would all be lost, unheard, and vain as swords
        Against the enchased crocodile, or leaps
        Of grasshoppers against the sun. She weeps
        And wonders; struggles to devise some blame;
        To put on such a look as would say, Shame
        On this poor weakness! but, for all her strife,
        She could as soon have crush'd away the life
        From a sick dove. At length, to break the pause,
        She said with trembling chance: "Is this the cause?
        This all? Yet it is strange, and sad, alas!
        That one who through this middle earth should pass
        Most like a sojourning demi-god, and leave
        His name upon the harp-string, should achieve
        No higher bard than simple maidenhood,
        Singing alone, and fearfully,- how the blood
        Left his young cheek; and how he used to stray
        He knew not where; and how he would say, nay,
        If any said 'twas love: and yet 'twas love;
        What could it be but love? How a ring-dove
        Let fall a sprig of yew tree in his path;
        And how he died: and then, that love doth scathe
        The gentle heart, as northern blasts do roses;
        And then the ballad of his sad life closes
        With sighs, and an alas!- Endymion!
        Be rather in the trumpet's mouth,- anon
        Among the winds at large- that all may hearken!
        Although, before the crystal heavens darken,
        I watch and dote upon the silver lakes
        Pictur'd in western cloudiness, that takes
        The semblance of gold rocks and bright gold sands,
        Islands, and creeks, and amber-fretted strands
        With horses prancing o'er them, palaces
        And towers of amethyst,- would I so teaze
        My pleasant days, because I could not mount
        Into those regions? The Morphean fount
        Of that fine element that visions, dreams,
        And fitful whims of sleep are made of, streams
        Into its airy channels with so subtle,
        So thin a breathing, not the spider's shuttle,
        Circled a million times within the space
        Of a swallow's nest-door, could delay a trace,
        A tinting of its quality: how light
        Must dreams themselves be; seeing they're more slight
        Than the mere nothing that engenders them!
        Then wherefore sully the entrusted gem
        Of high and noble life with thoughts so sick?
        Why pierce high-fronted honour to the quick
        For nothing but a dream?" Hereat the youth
        Look'd up: a conflicting of shame and ruth
        Was in his plaited brow: yet, his eyelids
        Widened a little, as when Zephyr bids
        A little breeze to creep between the fans
        Of careless butterflies: amid his pains
        He seem'd to taste a drop of manna-dew,
        Full palatable; and a colour grew
        Upon his cheek, while thus he lifeful spake.

          "Peona! ever have I long'd to slake
        My thirst for the world's praises: nothing base,
        No merely slumberous phantasm, could unlace
        The stubborn canvas for my voyage prepar'd-
        Though now 'tis tatter'd; leaving my bark bar'd
        And sullenly drifting: yet my higher hope
        Is of too wide, too rainbow-large a scope,
        To fret at myriads of earthly wrecks.
        Wherein lies happiness? In that which becks
        Our ready minds to fellowship divine,
        A fellowship with essence; till we shine,
        Full alchemiz'd, and free of space. Behold
        The clear religion of heaven! Fold
        A rose leaf round thy finger's taperness,
        And soothe thy lips: hist, when the airy stress
        Of music's kiss impregnates the free winds,
        And with a sympathetic touch unbinds
        AEolian magic from their lucid wombs:
        Then old songs waken from enclouded tombs;
        Old ditties sigh above their father's grave;
        Ghosts of melodious prophecyings rave
        Round every spot where trod Apollo's foot;
        Bronze clarions awake, and faintly bruit,
        Where long ago a giant battle was;
        And, from the turf, a lullaby doth pass
        In every place where infant Orpheus slept.
        Feel we these things?- that moment have we stept
        Into a sort of oneness, and our state
        Is like a floating spirit's. But there are
        Richer entanglements, enthralments far
        More self-destroying, leading, by degrees,
        To the chief intensity: the crown of these
        Is made of love and friendship, and sits high
        Upon the forehead of humanity.
        All its more ponderous and bulky worth
        Is friendship, whence there ever issues forth
        A steady splendour; but at the tip-top,
        There hangs by unseen film, an orbed drop
        Of light, and that is love: its influence,
        Thrown in our eyes, genders a novel sense,
        At which we start and fret; till in the end,
        Melting into its radiance, we blend,
        Mingle, and so become a part of it,-
        Nor with aught else can our souls interknit
        So wingedly: when we combine therewith,
        Life's self is nourish'd by its proper pith,
        And we are nurtured like a pelican brood.
        Aye, so delicious is the unsating food,
        That men, who might have tower'd in the van
        Of all the congregated world, to fan
        And winnow from the coming step of time
        All chaff of custom, wipe away all slime
        Left by men-slugs and human serpentry,
        Have been content to let occasion die,
        Whilst they did sleep in love's elysium.
        And, truly, I would rather be struck dumb,
        Than speak against this ardent listlessness:
        For I have ever thought that it might bless
        The world with benefits unknowingly;
        As does the nightingale, upperched high,
        And cloister'd among cool and bunched leaves-
        She sings but to her love, nor e'er conceives
        How tiptoe Night holds back her dark-grey hood.
        Just so may love, although 'tis understood
        The mere commingling of passionate breath,
        Produce more than our searching witnesseth:
        What I know not: but who, of men, can tell
        That flowers would bloom, or that green fruit would swell
        To melting pulp, that fish would have bright mail,
        The earth its dower of river, wood, and vale,
        The meadows runnels, runnels pebble-stones,
        The seed its harvest, or the lute its tones,
        Tones ravishment, or ravishment its sweet,
        If human souls did never kiss and greet?

          "Now, if this earthly love has power to make
        Men's being mortal, immortal; to shake
        Ambition from their memories, and brim
        Their measure of content: what merest whim,
        Seems all this poor endeavour after fame,
        To one, who keeps within his stedfast aim
        A love immortal, an immortal too.
        Look not so wilder'd; for these things are true,
        And never can be born of atomies
        That buzz about our slumbers, like brain-flies,
        Leaving us fancy-sick. No, no, I'm sure,
        My restless spirit never could endure
        To brood so long upon one luxury,
        Unless it did, though fearfully, espy
        A hope beyond the shadow of a dream.
        My sayings will the less obscured seem,
        When I have told thee how my waking sight
        Has made me scruple whether that same night
        Was pass'd in dreaming. Hearken, sweet Peona!
        Beyond the matron-temple of Latona,
        Which we should see but for these darkening boughs,
        Lies a deep hollow, from whose ragged brows
        Bushes and trees do lean all round athwart
        And meet so nearly, that with wings outraught,
        And spreaded tail, a vulture could not glide
        Past them, but he must brush on every side.
        Some moulder'd steps lead into this cool cell,
        Far as the slabbed margin of a well,
        Whose patient level peeps its crystal eye
        Right upward, through the bushes, to the sky.
        Oft have I brought thee flowers, on their stalks set
        Like vestal primroses, but dark velvet
        Edges them round, and they have golden pits:
        'Twas there I got them, from the gaps and slits
        In a mossy stone, that sometimes was my seat,
        When all above was faint with mid-day heat.
        And there in strife no burning thoughts to heed,
        I'd bubble up the water through a reed;
        So reaching back to boy-hood: make me ships
        Of moulted feathers, touchwood, alder chips,
        With leaves stuck in them; and the Neptune be
        Of their petty ocean. Oftener, heavily,
        When love-lorn hours had left me less a child,
        I sat contemplating the figures wild
        Of o'er-head clouds melting the mirror through.
        Upon a day, while thus I watch'd, by flew
        A cloudy Cupid, with his bow and quiver;
        So plainly character'd, no breeze would shiver
        The happy chance: so happy, I was fain
        To follow it upon the open plain,
        And, therefore, was just going; when, behold!
        A wonder, fair as any I have told-
        The same bright face I tasted in my sleep,
        Smiling in the clear well. My heart did leap
        Through the cool depth.- It moved as if to flee-
        I started up, when lo! refreshfully
        There came upon my face in plenteous showers
        Dew-drops, and dewy buds, and leaves, and flowers,
        Wrapping all objects from my smothered sight,
        Bathing my spirit in a new delight.
        Aye, such a breathless honey-feel of bliss
        Alone preserved me from the drear abyss
        Of death, for the fair form had gone again.
        Pleasure is oft a visitant; but pain
        Clings cruelly to us, like the gnawing sloth
        On the deer's tender haunches: late, and loth,
        'Tis scar'd away by slow returning pleasure.
        How sickening, how dark the dreadful leisure
        Of weary days, made deeper exquisite,
        By a fore-knowledge of unslumbrous night!
        Like sorrow came upon me, heavier still,
        Than when I wander'd from the poppy hill:
        And a whole age of lingering moments crept
        Sluggishly by, ere more contentment swept
        Away at once the deadly yellow spleen.
        Yes, thrice have I this fair enchantment seen;
        Once more been tortured with renewed life.
        When last the wintry gusts gave over strife
        With the conquering sun of spring, and left the skies
        Warm and serene, but yet with moistened eyes
        In pity of the shatter'd infant buds,-
        That time thou didst adorn, with amber studs,
        My hunting cap, because I laugh'd and smil'd,
        Chatted with thee, and many days exil'd
        All torment from my breast;- 'twas even then,
        Straying about, yet, coop'd up in the den
        Of helpless discontent,- hurling my lance
        From place to place, and following at chance,
        At last, by hap, through some young trees it struck,
        And, plashing among bedded pebbles, stuck
        In the middle of a brook,- whose silver ramble
        Down twenty little falls, through reeds and bramble,
        Tracing along, it brought me to a cave,
        Whence it ran brightly forth, and white did lave
        The nether sides of mossy stones and rock,-
        'Mong which it gurgled blythe adieus, to mock
        Its own sweet grief at parting. Overhead,
        Hung a lush screen of drooping weeds, and spread
        Thick, as to curtain up some wood-nymph's home.
       'Ah! impious mortal, whither do I roam?'
        Said I, low voic'd: 'Ah, whither! 'Tis the grot
       'Of Proserpine, when Hell, obscure and hot,
       'Doth her resign; and where her tender hands
       'She dabbles, on the cool and sluicy sands:
       'Or 'tis the cell of Echo, where she sits,
       'And babbles thorough silence, till her wits
       'Are gone in tender madness, and anon,
       'Faints into sleep, with many a dying tone
       'Of sadness. O that she would take my vows,
       'And breathe them sighingly among the boughs,
       'To sue her gentle ears for whose fair head,
       'Daily, I pluck sweet flowerets from their bed,
       'And weave them dyingly- send honey-whispers
       'Round every leaf, that all those gentle lispers
       'May sigh my love unto her pitying!
       'O charitable Echo! hear, and sing
       'This ditty to her!- tell her'- so I stay'd
        My foolish tongue, and listening, half afraid,
        Stood stupefied with my own empty folly,
        And blushing for the freaks of melancholy.
        Salt tears were coming, when I heard my name
        Most fondly lipp'd, and then these accents came:
       'Endymion! the cave is secreter
       'Than the Isle of Delos. Echo hence shall stir
       'No sighs but sigh-warm kisses, or light noise
       'Of thy combing hand, the while it travelling cloys
       'And trembles through my labyrinthine hair.'
        At that oppress'd I hurried in.- Ah! where
        Are those swift moments? Whither are they fled?
        I'll smile no more, Peona; nor will wed
        Sorrow the way to death; but patiently
        Bear up against it: so farewell, sad sigh;
        And come instead demurest meditation,
        To occupy me wholly, and to fashion
        My pilgrimage for the world's dusky brink.
        No more will I count over, link by link,
        My chain of grief: no longer strive to find
        A half-forgetfulness in mountain wind
        Blustering about my ears: aye, thou shalt see,
        Dearest of sisters, what my life shall be;
        What a calm round of hours shall make my days.
        There is a paly flame of hope that plays
        Where'er I look: but yet, I'll say 'tis naught-
        And here I bid it die. Have not I caught,
        Already, a more healthy countenance?
        By this the sun is setting; we may chance
        Meet some of our near-dwellers with my car."

          This said, he rose, faint-smiling like a star
        Through autumn mists, and took Peona's hand:
        They stept into the boat, and launch'd from land.
                        BOOK II.

        O sovereign power of love! O grief! O balm!
        All records, saving thine, come cool, and calm,
        And shadowy, through the mist of passed years:
        For others, good or bad, hatred and tears
        Have become indolent; but touching thine,
        One sigh doth echo, one poor sob doth pine,
        One kiss brings honey-dew from buried days.
        The woes of Troy, towers smothering o'er their blaze,
        Stiff-holden shields, far-piercing spears, keen blades,
        Struggling, and blood, and shrieks- all dimly fades
        Into some backward corner of the brain:
        Yet, in our very souls, we feel amain
        The close of Troilus and Cressid sweet.
        Hence, pageant history! hence, gilded cheat!
        Swart planet in the universe of deeds!
        Wide sea, that one continuous murmur breeds
        Along the pebbled shore of memory!
        Many old rotten-timber'd boats there be
        Upon thy vaporous bosom, magnified
        To goodly vessels; many a sail of pride,
        And golden keel'd, is left unlaunch'd and dry.
        But wherefore this? What care, though owl did fly
        About the great Athenian admiral's mast?
        What care, though striding Alexander past
        The Indus with his Macedonian numbers?
        Though old Ulysses tortured from his slumbers
        The glutted Cyclops, what care?- Juliet leaning
        Amid her window-flowers,- sighing,- weaning
        Tenderly her fancy from its maiden snow,
        Doth more avail than these: the silver flow
        Of Hero's tears, the swoon of Imogen,
        Fair Pastorella in the bandit's den,
        Are things to brood on with more ardency
        Than the death-day of empires. Fearfully
        Must such conviction come upon his head,
        Who, thus far, discontent, has dared to tread,
        Without one muse's smile, or kind behest,
        The path of love and poesy. But rest,
        In chaffing restlessness, is yet more drear
        Than to be crush'd, in striving to uprear
        Love's standard on the battlements of song.
        So once more days and nights aid me along,
        Like legion'd soldiers.

                                Brain-sick shepherd prince,
        What promise hast thou faithful guarded since
        The day of sacrifice? Or, have new sorrows
        Come with the constant dawn upon thy morrows?
        Alas! 'tis his old grief. For many days,
        Has he been wandering in uncertain ways:
        Through wilderness, and woods of mossed oaks;
        Counting his woe-worn minutes, by the strokes
        Of the lone woodcutter; and listening still,
        Hour after hour, to each lush-leav'd rill.
        Now he is sitting by a shady spring,
        And elbow-deep with feverous fingering
        Stems the upbursting cold: a wild rose tree
        Pavillions him in bloom, and he doth see
        A bud which snares his fancy: lo! but now
        He plucks it, dips its stalk in the water: how!
        It swells, it buds, it flowers beneath his sight;
        And, in the middle, there is softly pight
        A golden butterfly; upon whose wings
        There must be surely character'd strange things,
        For with wide eye he wonders, and smiles oft.

          Lightly this little herald flew aloft,
        Follow'd by glad Endymion's clasped hands:
        Onward it flies. From languor's sullen bands
        His limbs are loos'd, and eager, on he hies
        Dazzled to trace it in the sunny skies.
        It seem'd he flew, the way so easy was;
        And like a new-born spirit did he pass
        Through the green evening quiet in the sun,
        O'er many a heath, through many a woodland dun,
        Through buried paths, where sleepy twilight dreams
        The summer time away. One track unseams
        A wooded cleft, and, far away, the blue
        Of ocean fades upon him; then, anew,
        He sinks adown a solitary glen,
        Where there was never sound of mortal men,
        Saving, perhaps, some snow-light cadences
        Melting to silence, when upon the breeze
        Some holy bark let forth an anthem sweet,
        To cheer itself to Delphi. Still his feet
        Went swift beneath the merry-winged guide,
        Until it reach'd a splashing fountain's side
        That, near a cavern's mouth, for ever pour'd
        Unto the temperate air: then high it soar'd,
        And, downward, suddenly began to dip,
        As if, athirst with so much toil, 'twould sip
        The crystal spout-head: so it did, with touch
        Most delicate, as though afraid to smutch
        Even with mealy gold the waters clear.
        But, at that very touch, to disappear
        So fairy-quick, was strange! Bewildered,
        Endymion sought around, and shook each bed
        Of covert flowers in vain; and then he flung
        Himself along the grass. What gentle tongue,
        What whisperer disturb'd his gloomy rest?
        It was a nymph uprisen to the breast
        In the fountain's pebbly margin, and she stood
        'Mong lillies, like the youngest of the brood.
        To him her dripping hand she softly kist,
        And anxiously began to plait and twist
        Her ringlets round her fingers, saying: "Youth!
        Too long, alas, hast thou starv'd on the ruth,
        The bitterness of love: too long indeed,
        Seeing thou art so gentle. Could I weed
        Thy soul of care, by heavens, I would offer
        All the bright riches of my crystal coffer
        To Amphitrite; all my clear-eyed fish,
        Golden, or rainbow-sided, or purplish,
        Vermilion-tail'd, or finn'd with silvery gauze;
        Yea, or my veined pebble-floor, that draws
        A virgin light to the deep; my grotto-sands
        Tawny and gold, ooz'd slowly from far lands
        By my diligent springs; my level lillies, shells,
        My charming rod, my potent river spells;
        Yes, every thing, even to the pearly cup
        Meander gave me,- for I bubbled up
        To fainting creatures in a desert wild.
        But woe is me, I am but as a child
        To gladden thee; and all I dare to say,
        Is, that I pity thee; that on this day
        I've been thy guide; that thou must wander far
        In other regions, past the scanty bar
        To mortal steps, before thou canst be ta'en
        From every wasting sigh, from every pain,
        Into the gentle bosom of thy love.
        Why it is thus, one knows in heaven above:
        But, a poor Naiad, I guess not. Farewell!
        I have a ditty for my hollow cell."

          Hereat, she vanished from Endymion's gaze,
        Who brooded o'er the water in amaze:
        The dashing fount pour'd on, and where its pool
        Lay, half asleep, in grass and rushes cool,
        Quick waterflies and gnats were sporting still,
        And fish were dimpling, as if good nor ill
        Had fallen out that hour. The wanderer,
        Holding his forehead, to keep off the bur
        Of smothering fancies, patiently sat down;
        And, while beneath the evening's sleepy frown
        Glow-worms began to trim their starry lamps,
        Thus breath'd he to himself: "Whoso encamps
        To take a fancied city of delight,
        O what a wretch is he! and when 'tis his,
        After long toil and travelling, to miss
        The kernel of his hopes, how more than vile:
        Yet, for him there's refreshment even in toil;
        Another city doth he set about,
        Free from the smallest pebble-head of doubt
        That he will seize on trickling honey-combs;
        Alas, he finds them dry; and then he foams,
        And onward to another city speeds.
        But this is human life: the war, the deeds,
        The disappointment, the anxiety,
        Imagination's struggles, far and nigh,
        All human; bearing in themselves this good,
        That they are still the air, the subtle food,
        To make us feel existence, and to show
        How quiet death is. Where soil is men grow,
        Whether to weeds or flowers; but for me,
        There is no depth to strike in: I can see
        Naught earthly worth my compassing; so stand
        Upon a misty, jutting head of land-
        Alone? No, no; and by the Orphean lute,
        When mad Eurydice is listening to't;
        I'd rather stand upon this misty peak,
        With not a thing to sigh for, or to seek,
        But the soft shadow of my thrice-seen love,
        Than be- I care not what. O meekest dove
        Of heaven! O Cynthia, ten-times bright and fair!
        From thy blue throne, now filling all the air,
        Glance but one little beam of temper'd light
        Into my bosom, that the dreadful might
        And tyranny of love be somewhat scar'd!
        Yet do not so, sweet queen; one torment spar'd,
        Would give a pang to jealous misery,
        Worse than the torment's self: but rather tie
        Large wings upon my shoulders, and point out
        My love's far dwelling. Though the playful rout
        Of Cupids shun thee, too divine art thou,
        Too keen in beauty, for thy silver prow
        Not to have dipp'd in love's most gentle stream.
        O be propitious, nor severely deem
        My madness impious; for, by all the stars
        That tend thy bidding, I do think the bars
        That kept my spirit in are burst- that I
        Am sailing with thee through the dizzy sky!
        How beautiful thou art! The world how deep!
        How tremulous-dazzlingly the wheels sweep
        Around their axle! Then these gleaming reins,
        How lithe! When this thy chariot attains
        Its airy goal, haply some bower veils
        Those twilight eyes? Those eyes!- my spirit fails-
        Dear goddess, help! or the wide-gaping air
        Will gulph me- help!"- At this with madden'd stare,
        And lifted hands, and trembling lips he stood;
        Like old Deucalion mountain'd o'er the flood,
        Or blind Orion hungry for the morn.
        And, but from the deep cavern there was borne
        A voice, he had been froze to senseless stone;
        Nor sigh of his, nor plaint, nor passion'd moan
        Had more been heard. Thus swell'd it forth: "Descend,
        Young mountaineer! descend where alleys bend
        Into the sparry hollows of the world!
        Oft hast thou seen bolts of the thunder hurl'd
        As from thy threshold; day by day hast been
        A little lower than the chilly sheen
        Of icy pinnacles, and dipp'dst thine arms
        Into the deadening ether that still charms
        Their marble being: now, as deep profound
        As those are high, descend! He ne'er is crown'd
        With immortality, who fears to follow
        Where airy voices lead: so through the hollow,
        The silent mysteries of earth, descend!"

          He heard but the last words, nor could contend
        One moment in reflection: for he fled
        Into the fearful deep, to hide his head
        From the clear moon, the trees, and coming madness.

          'Twas far too strange, and wonderful for sadness;
        Sharpening, by degrees, his appetite
        To dive into the deepest. Dark, nor light,
        The region; nor bright, nor sombre wholly,
        But mingled up; a gleaming melancholy;
        A dusky empire and its diadems;
        One faint eternal eventide of gems.
        Aye, millions sparkled on a vein of gold,
        Along whose track the prince quick footsteps told,
        With all its lines abrupt and angular:
        Out-shooting sometimes, like a meteor-star,
        Through a vast antre; then the metal woof,
        Like Vulcan's rainbow, with some monstrous roof
        Curves hugely: now, far in the deep abyss,
        It seems an angry lightning, and doth hiss
        Fancy into belief: anon it leads
        Through winding passages, where sameness breeds
        Vexing conceptions of some sudden change;
        Whether to silver grots, or giant range
        Of sapphire columns, or fantastic bridge
        Athwart a flood of crystal. On a ridge
        Now fareth he, that o'er the vast beneath
        Towers like an ocean-cliff, and whence he seeth
        A hundred waterfalls, whose voices come
        But as the murmuring surge. Chilly and numb
        His bosom grew, when first he, far away
        Descried an orbed diamond, set to fray
        Old darkness from his throne: 'twas like the sun
        Uprisen o'er chaos: and with such a stun
        Came the amazement, that, absorb'd in it,
        He saw not fiercer wonders- past the wit
        Of any spirit to tell, but one of those
        Who, when this planet's sphering time doth close,
        Will be its high remembrancers: who they?
        The mighty ones who have made eternal day
        For Greece and England. While astonishment
        With deep-drawn sighs was quieting, he went
        Into a marble gallery, passing through
        A mimic temple, so complete and true
        In sacred custom, that he well nigh fear'd
        To search it inwards; whence far off appear'd,
        Through a long pillar'd vista, a fair shrine,
        And just beyond, on light tiptoe divine,
        A quiver'd Dian. Stepping awfully,
        The youth approach'd; oft turning his veil'd eye
        Down sidelong aisles, and into niches old.
        And when, more near against the marble cold
        He had touch'd his forehead, he began to thread
        All courts and passages, where silence dead
        Rous'd by his whispering footsteps murmured faint:
        And long he travers'd to and fro, to acquaint
        Himself with every mystery, and awe;
        Till, weary, he sat down before the maw
        Of a wide outlet, fathomless and dim,
        To wild uncertainty and shadows grim.
        There, when new wonders ceas'd to float before,
        And thoughts of self came on, how crude and sore
        The journey homeward to habitual self
        A mad-pursuing of the fog-born elf,
        Whose flitting lantern, through rude nettle-briar,
        Cheats us into a swamp, into a fire,
        Into the bosom of a hated thing.

          What misery most drowningly doth sing
        In lone Endymion's ear, now he has raught
        The goal of consciousness? Ah, 'tis the thought,
        The deadly feel of solitude: for lo!
        He cannot see the heavens, nor the flow
        Of rivers, nor hill-flowers running wild
        In pink and purple chequer, nor, up-pil'd,
        The cloudy rack slow journeying in the west,
        Like herded elephants; nor felt, nor prest
        Cool grass, nor tasted the fresh slumberous air;
        But far from such companionship to wear
        An unknown time, surcharg'd with grief, away,
        Was now his lot. And must he patient stay,
        Tracing fantastic figures with his spear?
       "No!" exclaim'd he, "why should I tarry here?"
        No! loudly echoed times innumerable.
        At which he straightway started, and 'gan tell
        His paces back into the temple's chief;
        Warming and glowing strong in the belief
        Of help from Dian: so that when again
        He caught her airy form, thus did he plain,
        Moving more near the while: "O Haunter chaste
        Of river sides, and woods, and heathy waste,
        Where with thy silver bow and arrows keen
        Art thou now forested? O woodland Queen,
        What smoothest air thy smoother forehead woos?
        Where dost thou listen to the wide halloos
        Of thy disparted nymphs? Through what dark tree
        Glimmers thy crescent? Wheresoe'er it be,
        'Tis in the breath of heaven: thou dost taste
        Freedom as none can taste it, nor dost waste
        Thy loveliness in dismal elements;
        But, finding in our green earth sweet contents,
        There livest blissfully. Ah, if to thee
        It feels Elysian, how rich to me,
        An exil'd mortal, sounds its pleasant name!
        Within my breast there lives a choking flame-
        O let me cool't the zephyr-boughs among!
        A homeward fever parches up my tongue-
        O let me slake it at the running springs!
        Upon my ear a noisy nothing rings-
        O let me once more hear the linnet's note!
        Before mine eyes thick films and shadows float-
        O let me 'noint them with the heaven's light!
        Dost thou now lave thy feet and ankles white?
        O think how sweet to me the freshening sluice!
        Dost thou now please thy thirst with berry-juice?
        O think how this dry palate would rejoice!
        If in soft slumber thou dost hear my voice,
        O think how I should love a bed of flowers!-
        Young goddess! let me see my native bowers!
        Deliver me from this rapacious deep!"

          Thus ending loudly, as he would o'erleap
        His destiny, alert he stood: but when
        Obstinate silence came heavily again,
        Feeling about for its old couch of space
        And airy cradle, lowly bow'd his face
        Desponding, o'er the marble floor's cold thrill.
        But 'twas not long; for, sweeter than the rill
        To its old channel, or a swollen tide
        To margin sallows, were the leaves he spied,
        And flowers, and wreaths, and ready myrtle crowns
        Up heaping through the slab: refreshment drowns
        Itself, and strives its own delights to hide-
        Nor in one spot alone; the floral pride
        In a long whispering birth enchanted grew
        Before his footsteps; as when heav'd anew
        Old ocean rolls a lengthened wave to the shore,
        Down whose green back the short-liv'd foam, all hoar,
        Bursts gradual, with a wayward indolence.

          Increasing still in heart, and pleasant sense,
        Upon his fairy journey on he hastes;
        So anxious for the end, he scarcely wastes
        One moment with his hand among the sweets:
        Onward he goes- he stops- his bosom beats
        As plainly in his ear, as the faint charm
        Of which the throbs were born. This still alarm,
        This sleepy music, forc'd him walk tiptoe:
        For it came more softly than the east could blow
        Arion's magic to the Atlantic isles;
        Or than the west, made jealous by the smiles
        Of thron'd Apollo, could breathe back the lyre
        To seas Ionian and Tyrian.

          O did he ever live, that lonely man,
        Who lov'd- and music slew not? 'Tis the pest
        Of love, that fairest joys give most unrest;
        That things of delicate and tenderest worth
        Are swallow'd all, and made a seared dearth,
        By one consuming flame: it doth immerse
        And suffocate true blessings in a curse.
        Half-happy, by comparison of bliss,
        Is miserable. 'Twas even so with this
        Dew-dropping melody, in the Carian's ear;
        First heaven, then hell, and then forgotten clear,
        Vanish'd in elemental passion.

          And down some swart abysm he had gone,
        Had not a heavenly guide benignant led
        To where thick myrtle branches, 'gainst his head
        Brushing, awakened: then the sounds again
        Went noiseless as a passing noontide rain
        Over a bower, where little space he stood;
        For as the sunset peeps into a wood
        So saw he panting light, and towards it went
        Through winding alleys; and lo, wonderment!
        Upon soft verdure saw, one here, one there,
        Cupids a slumbering on their pinions fair.

          After a thousand mazes overgone,
        At last, with sudden step, he came upon
        A chamber, myrtle wall'd, embowered high,
        Full of light, incense, tender minstrelsy,
        And more of beautiful and strange beside:
        For on a silken couch of rosy pride,
        In midst of all, there lay a sleeping youth
        Of fondest beauty; fonder, in fair sooth,
        Than sighs could fathom, or contentment reach:
        And coverlids gold-tinted like the peach,
        Or ripe October's faded marigolds,
        Fell sleek about him in a thousand folds-
        Not hiding up an Apollonian curve
        Of neck and shoulder, nor the tenting swerve
        Of knee from knee, nor ankles pointing light;
        But rather, giving them to the filled sight
        Officiously. Sideway his face repos'd
        On one white arm, and tenderly unclos'd,
        By tenderest pressure, a faint damask mouth
        To slumbery pout; just as the morning south
        Disparts a dew-lipp'd rose. Above his head,
        Four lilly stalks did their white honours wed
        To make a coronal; and round him grew
        All tendrils green, of every bloom and hue,
        Together intertwin'd and trammel'd fresh:
        The vine of glossy sprout; the ivy mesh,
        Shading its Ethiop berries; and woodbine,
        Of velvet leaves and bugle-blooms divine;
        Convolvulus in streaked vases flush;
        The creeper, mellowing for an autumn blush;
        And virgin's bower, trailing airily;
        With others of the sisterhood. Hard by,
        Stood serene Cupids watching silently.
        One, kneeling to a lyre, touch'd the strings,
        Muffling to death the pathos with his wings;
        And, ever and anon, uprose to look
        At the youth's slumber; while another took
        A willow-bough, distilling odorous dew,
        And shook it on his hair; another flew
        In through the woven roof, and fluttering-wise
        Rain'd violets upon his sleeping eyes.

          At these enchantments, and yet many more,
        The breathless Latmian wonder'd o'er and o'er;
        Until, impatient in embarrassment,
        He forthright pass'd, and lightly treading went
        To that same feather'd lyrist, who straightway,
        Smiling, thus whisper'd: "Though from upper day
        Thou art a wanderer, and thy presence here
        Might seem unholy, be of happy cheer!
        For 'tis the nicest touch of human honour,
        When some ethereal and high-favouring donor
        Presents immortal bowers to mortal sense;
        As now 'tis done to thee, Endymion. Hence
        Was I in no wise startled. So recline
        Upon these living flowers. Here is wine,
        Alive with sparkles- never, I aver,
        Since Ariadne was a vintager,
        So cool a purple: taste these juicy pears,
        Sent me by sad Vertumnus, when his fears
        Were high about Pomona: here is cream,
        Deepening to richness from a snowy gleam;
        Sweeter than that nurse Amalthea skimm'd
        For the boy Jupiter: and here, undimm'd
        By any touch, a bunch of blooming plums
        Ready to melt between an infant's gums:
        And here is manna pick'd from Syrian trees,
        In starlight, by the three Hesperides.
        Feast on, and meanwhile I will let thee know
        Of all these things around us." He did so,
        Still brooding o'er the cadence of his lyre;
        And thus: "I need not any hearing tire
        By telling how the sea-born goddess pin'd
        For a mortal youth, and how she strove to bind
        Him all in all unto her doting self.
        Who would not be so prison'd? but, fond elf,
        He was content to let her amorous plea
        Faint through his careless arms; content to see
        An unseiz'd heaven dying at his feet;
        Content, O fool! to make a cold retreat,
        When on the pleasant grass such love, lovelorn,
        Lay sorrowing; when every tear was born
        Of diverse passion; when her lips and eyes
        Were clos'd in sullen moisture, and quick sighs
        Came vex'd and pettish through her nostrils small.
        Hush! no exclaim- yet, justly mightst thou call
        Curses upon his head.- I was half glad,
        But my poor mistress went distract and mad,
        When the boar tusk'd him: so away she flew
        To Jove's high throne, and by her plainings drew
        Immortal tear-drops down the thunderer's beard;
        Whereon, it was decreed he should be rear'd
        Each summer time to life. Lo! this is he,
        That same Adonis, safe in the privacy
        Of this still region all his winter-sleep.
        Aye, sleep; for when our love-sick queen did weep
        Over his waned corse, the tremulous shower
        Heal'd up the wound, and, with a balmy power,
        Medicined death to a lengthened drowsiness:
        The which she fills with visions, and doth dress
        In all this quiet luxury; and hath set
        Us young immortals, without any let,
        To watch his slumber through. 'Tis well nigh pass'd,
        Even to a moment's filling up, and fast
        She scuds with summer breezes, to pant through
        The first long kiss, warm firstling, to renew
        Embower'd sports in Cytherea's isle.
        Look! how those winged listeners all this while
        Stand anxious: see! behold!"- This clamant word
        Broke through the careful silence; for they heard
        A rustling noise of leaves, and out there flutter'd
        Pigeons and doves: Adonis something mutter'd
        The while one hand, that erst upon his thigh
        Lay dormant, mov'd convuls'd and gradually
        Up to his forehead. Then there was a hum
        Of sudden voices, echoing, "Come! come!
        Arise! awake! Clear summer has forth walk'd
        Unto the clover-sward, and she has talk'd
        Full soothingly to every nested finch:
        Rise, Cupids! or we'll give the blue-bell pinch
        To your dimpled arms. Once more sweet life begin!"
        At this, from every side they hurried in,
        Rubbing their sleepy eyes with lazy wrists,
        And doubling over head their little fists
        In backward yawns. But all were soon alive:
        For as delicious wine doth, sparkling, dive
        In nectar'd clouds and curls through water fair,
        So from the arbour roof down swell'd an air
        Odorous and enlivening; making all
        To laugh, and play, and sing, and loudly call
        For their sweet queen: when lo! the wreathed green
        Disparted, and far upward could be seen
        Blue heaven, and a silver car, air-borne,
        Whose silent wheels, fresh wet from clouds of morn,
        Spun off a drizzling dew,- which falling chill
        On soft Adonis' shoulders, made him still
        Nestle and turn uneasily about.
        Soon were the white doves plain, with neck stretch'd out,
        And silken traces lighten'd in descent;
        And soon, returning from love's banishment,
        Queen Venus leaning downward open arm'd:
        Her shadow fell upon his breast, and charm'd
        A tumult to his heart, and a new life
        Into his eyes. Ah, miserable strife,
        But for her comforting! unhappy sight,
        But meeting her blue orbs! Who, who can write
        Of these first minutes? The unchariest muse
        To embracements warm as theirs makes coy excuse.

          O it has ruffled every spirit there,
        Saving Love's self, who stands superb to share
        The general gladness: awfully he stands;
        A sovereign quell is in his waving hands;
        No sight can bear the lightning of his bow;
        His quiver is mysterious, none can know
        What themselves think of it; from forth his eyes
        There darts strange light of varied hues and dyes:
        A scowl is sometimes on his brow, but who
        Look full upon it feel anon the blue
        Of his fair eyes run liquid through their souls.
        Endymion feels it, and no more controls
        The burning prayer within him; so, bent low,
        He had begun a plaining of his woe.
        But Venus, bending forward, said: "My child,
        Favour this gentle youth; his days are wild
        With love- he- but alas! too well I see
        Thou know'st the deepness of his misery.
        Ah, smile not so, my son: I tell thee true,
        That when through heavy hours I used to rue
        The endless sleep of this new-born Adon',
        This stranger aye I pitied. For upon
        A dreary morning once I fled away
        Into the breezy clouds, to weep and pray
        For this my love: for vexing Mars had teaz'd
        Me even to tears: thence, when a little eas'd,
        Down-looking, vacant, through a hazy wood,
        I saw this youth as he despairing stood:
        Those same dark curls blown vagrant in the wind;
        Those same full fringed lids a constant blind
        Over his sullen eyes: I saw him throw
        Himself on wither'd leaves, even as though
        Death had come sudden; for no jot he mov'd,
        Yet mutter'd wildly. I could hear he lov'd
        Some fair immortal, and that his embrace
        Had zoned her through the night. There is no trace
        Of this in heaven: I have mark'd each cheek,
        And find it is the vainest thing to seek;
        And that of all things 'tis kept secretest.
        Endymion! one day thou wilt be blest:
        So still obey the guiding hand that fends
        Thee safely through these wonders for sweet ends.
        'Tis a concealment needful in extreme;
        And if I guess'd not so, the sunny beam
        Thou shouldst mount up to with me. Now adieu!
        Here must we leave thee."- At these words upflew
        The impatient doves, uprose the floating car,
        Up went the hum celestial. High afar
        The Latmian saw them minish into naught;
        And, when all were clear vanish'd, still he caught
        A vivid lightning from that dreadful bow.
        When all was darkened, with AEtnean throe
        The earth clos'd- gave a solitary moan-
        And left him once again in twilight lone.

          He did not rave, he did not stare aghast,
        For all those visions were o'ergone, and past,
        And he in loneliness: he felt assur'd
        Of happy times, when all he had endur'd
        Would seem a feather to the mighty prize.
        So, with unusual gladness, on he hies
        Through caves, and palaces of mottled ore,
        Gold dome, and crystal wall, and turquois floor,
        Black polish'd porticos of awful shade,
        And, at the last, a diamond balustrade,
        Leading afar past wild magnificence,
        Spiral through ruggedest loopholes, and thence
        Stretching across a void, then guiding o'er
        Enormous chasms, where, all foam and roar,
        Streams subterranean teaze their granite beds;
        Then heighten'd just above the silvery heads
        Of a thousand fountains, so that he could dash
        The waters with his spear; but at the splash,
        Done heedlessly, those spouting columns rose
        Sudden a poplar's height, and 'gan to enclose
        His diamond path with fretwork, streaming round
        Alive, and dazzling cool, and with a sound,
        Haply, like dolphin tumults, when sweet shells
        Welcome the float of Thetis. Long he dwells
        On this delight; for, every minute's space,
        The streams with changed magic interlace:
        Sometimes like delicatest lattices,
        Cover'd with crystal vines; then weeping trees.
        Moving about as in a gentle wind,
        Which, in a wink, to watery gauze refin'd,
        Pour'd into shapes of curtain'd canopies,
        Spangled, and rich with liquid broideries
        Of flowers, peacocks, swans, and naiads fair.
        Swifter than lightning went these wonders rare;
        And then the water, into stubborn streams
        Collecting, mimick'd the wrought oaken beams,
        Pillars, and frieze, and high fantastic roof,
        Of those dusk places in times far aloof
        Cathedrals call'd. He bade a loth farewell
        To these founts Protean, passing gulph, and dell,
        And torrent, and ten thousand jutting shapes,
        Half seen through deepest gloom, and griesly gapes,
        Blackening on every side, and overhead
        A vaulted dome like Heaven's, far bespread
        With starlight gems: aye, all so huge and strange,
        The solitary felt a hurried change
        Working within him into something dreary,-
        Vex'd like a morning eagle, lost, and weary,
        And purblind amid foggy, midnight wolds.
        But he revives at once: for who beholds
        New sudden things, nor casts his mental slough?
        Forth from a rugged arch, in the dusk below,
        Came mother Cybele! alone- alone-
        In sombre chariot; dark foldings thrown
        About her majesty, and front death-pale,
        With turrets crown'd. Four maned lions hale
        The sluggish wheels; solemn their toothed maws,
        Their surly eyes brow-hidden, heavy paws
        Uplifted drowsily, and nervy tails
        Cowering their tawny brushes. Silent sails
        This shadowy queen athwart, and faints away
        In another gloomy arch.

                                  Wherefore delay,
        Young traveller, in such a mournful place?
        Art thou wayworn, or canst not further trace
        The diamond path? And does it indeed end
        Abrupt in middle air? Yet earthward bend
        Thy forehead, and to Jupiter cloud-borne
        Call ardently! He was indeed wayworn;
        Abrupt, in middle air, his way was lost;
        To cloud-borne Jove he bowed, and there crost
        Towards him a large eagle, 'twixt whose wings,
        Without one impious word, himself he flings,
        Committed to the darkness and the gloom:
        Down, down, uncertain to what pleasant doom,
        Swift as a fathoming plummet down he fell
        Through unknown things; till exhaled asphodel,
        And rose, with spicy fannings interbreath'd,
        Came swelling forth where little caves were wreath'd
        So thick with leaves and mosses, that they seem'd
        Large honey-combs of green, and freshly teem'd
        With airs delicious. In the greenest nook
        The eagle landed him, and farewell took.

          It was a jasmine bower, all bestrown
        With golden moss. His every sense had grown
        Ethereal for pleasure; 'bove his head
        Flew a delight half-graspable; his tread
        Was Hesperean; to his capable ears
        Silence was music from the holy spheres;
        A dewy luxury was in his eyes;
        The little flowers felt his pleasant sighs
        And stirr'd them faintly. Verdant cave and cell
        He wander'd through, oft wondering at such swell
        Of sudden exaltation: but, "Alas!"
        Said he, "will all this gush of feeling pass
        Away in solitude? And must they wane,
        Like melodies upon a sandy plain,
        Without an echo? Then shall I be left
        So sad, so melancholy, so bereft!
        Yet still I feel immortal! O my love,
        My breath of life, where art thou? High above,
        Dancing before the morning gates of heaven?
        Or keeping watch among those starry seven,
        Old Atlas' children? Art a maid of the waters,
        One of shell-winding Triton's bright-hair'd daughters?
        Or art, impossible! a nymph of Dian's,
        Weaving a coronal of tender scions
        For very idleness? Where'er thou art,
        Methinks it now is at my will to start
        Into thine arms; to scare Aurora's train,
        And snatch thee from the morning; o'er the main
        To scud like a wild bird, and take thee off
        From thy sea-foamy cradle; or to doff
        Thy shepherd vest, and woo thee mid fresh leaves.
        No, no, too eagerly my soul deceives
        Its powerless self: I know this cannot be.
        O let me then by some sweet dreaming flee
        To her entrancements: hither, Sleep, awhile!
        Hither, most gentle Sleep! and soothing foil
        For some few hours the coming solitude."

          Thus spake he, and that moment felt endued
        With power to dream deliciously; so wound
        Through a dim passage, searching till he found
        The smoothest mossy bed and deepest, where
        He threw himself, and just into the air
        Stretching his indolent arms, he took, O bliss!
        A naked waist: "Fair Cupid, whence is this?"
        A well-known voice sigh'd, "Sweetest, here am I!"
        At which soft ravishment, with doting cry
        They trembled to each other.- Helicon!
        O fountain'd hill! Old Homer's Helicon!
        That thou wouldst spout a little streamlet o'er
        These sorry pages; then the verse would soar
        And sing above this gentle pair, like lark
        Over his nested young: but all is dark
        Around thine aged top, and thy clear fount
        Exhales in mists to heaven. Aye, the count
        Of mighty Poets is made up; the scroll
        Is folded by the Muses; the bright roll
        Is in Apollo's hand: our dazed eyes
        Have seen a new tinge in the western skies:
        The world has done its duty. Yet, oh yet,
        Although the sun of poesy is set,
        These lovers did embrace, and we must weep
        That there is no old power left to steep
        A quill immortal in their joyous tears.
        Long time in silence did their anxious fears
        Question that thus it was; long time they lay
        Fondling and kissing every doubt away;
        Long time ere soft caressing sobs began
        To mellow into words, and then there ran
        Two bubbling springs of talk from their sweet lips.
       "O known Unknown! from whom my being sips
        Such darling essence, wherefore may I not
        Be ever in these arms? in this sweet spot
        Pillow my chin for ever? ever press
        These toying hands and kiss their smooth excess?
        Why not for ever and for ever feel
        That breath about my eyes? Ah, thou wilt steal
        Away from me again, indeed, indeed-
        Thou wilt be gone away, and wilt not heed
        My lonely madness. Speak, delicious fair!
        Is- is it to be so? No! Who will dare
        To pluck thee from me? And, of thine own will,
        Full well I feel thou wouldst not leave me. Still
        Let me entwine thee surer, surer- now
        How can we part? Elysium! who art thou?
        Who, that thou canst not be for ever here,
        Or lift me with thee to some starry sphere?
        Enchantress! tell me by this soft embrace,
        By the most soft completion of thy face,
        Those lips, O slippery blisses, twinkling eyes
        And by these tenderest, milky sovereignties-
        These tenderest, and by the nectar-wine,
        The passion"- "O dov'd Ida the divine!
        Endymion! dearest! Ah, unhappy me!
        His soul will 'scape us- O felicity!
        How he does love me! His poor temples beat
        To the very tune of love- how sweet, sweet, sweet.
        Revive, dear youth, or I shall faint and die;
        Revive, or these soft hours will hurry by
        In tranced dulness; speak, and let that spell
        Affright this lethargy! I cannot quell
        Its heavy pressure, and will press at least
        My lips to thine, that they may richly feast
        Until we taste the life of love again.
        What! dost thou move? dost kiss? O bliss! O pain!
        I love thee, youth, more than I can conceive;
        And so long absence from thee doth bereave
        My soul of any rest: yet must I hence:
        Yet, can I not to starry eminence
        Uplift thee; nor for very shame can own
        Myself to thee: Ah, dearest, do not groan
        Or thou wilt force me from this secrecy,
        And I must blush in heaven. O that I
        Had done't already; that the dreadful smiles
        At my lost brightness, my impassion'd wiles,
        Had waned from Olympus' solemn height,
        And from all serious Gods; that our delight
        Was quite forgotten, save of us alone!
        And wherefore so ashamed? 'Tis but to atone
        For endless pleasure, by some coward blushes:
        Yet must I be a coward!- Horror rushes
        Too palpable before me- the sad look
        Of Jove- Minerva's start- no bosom shook
        With awe of purity- no Cupid pinion
        In reverence vailed- my crystalline dominion
        Half lost, and all old hymns made nullity!
        But what is this to love? O I could fly
        With thee into the ken of heavenly powers,
        So thou wouldst thus, for many sequent hours,
        Press me so sweetly. Now I swear at once
        That I am wise, that Pallas is a dunce-
        Perhaps her love like mine is but unknown-
        O I do think that I have been alone
        In chastity: yes, Pallas has been sighing,
        While every eve saw me my hair uptying
        With fingers cool as aspen leaves. Sweet love,
        I was as vague as solitary dove,
        Nor knew that nests were built. Now a soft kiss-
        Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss,
        An immortality of passion's thine:
        Ere long I will exalt thee to the shine
        Of heaven ambrosial; and we will shade
        Ourselves whole summers by a river glade;
        And I will tell thee stories of the sky,
        And breathe thee whispers of its minstrelsy.
        My happy love will overwing all bounds!
        O let me melt into thee; let the sounds
        Of our close voices marry at their birth;
        Let us entwine hoveringly- O dearth
        Of human words! roughness of mortal speech!
        Lispings empyrean will I sometime teach
        Thine honied tongue- lute-breathings, which I gasp
        To have thee understand, now while I clasp
        Thee thus, and weep for fondness- I am pain'd,
        Endymion: woe! woe! is grief contain'd
        In the very deeps of pleasure, my sole life?"-
        Hereat, with many sobs, her gentle strife
        Melted into a languor. He return'd
        Entranced vows and tears.

                                 Ye who have yearn'd
        With too much passion, will here stay and pity,
        For the mere sake of truth; as 'tis a ditty
        Not of these days, but long ago 'twas told
        By a cavern wind unto a forest old;
        And then the forest told it in a dream
        To a sleeping lake, whose cool and level gleam
        A poet caught as he was journeying
        To Phoebus' shrine; and in it he did fling
        His weary limbs, bathing an hour's space,
        And after, straight in that inspired place
        He sang the story up into the air,
        Giving it universal freedom. There
        Has it been ever sounding for those ears
        Whose tips are glowing hot. The legend cheers
        Yon centinel stars; and he who listens to it
        Must surely be self-doom'd or he will rue it:
        For quenchless burnings come upon the heart,
        Made fiercer by a fear lest any part
        Should be engulphed in the eddying wind.
        As much as here is penn'd doth always find
        A resting place, thus much comes clear and plain;
        Anon the strange voice is upon the wane-
        And 'tis but echo'd from departing sound,
        That the fair visitant at last unwound
        Her gentle limbs, and left the youth asleep.-
        Thus the tradition of the gusty deep.

          Now turn we to our former chroniclers.-
        Endymion awoke, that grief of hers
        Sweet paining on his ear: he sickly guess'd
        How lone he was once more, and sadly press'd
        His empty arms together, hung his head,
        And most forlorn upon that widow'd bed
        Sat silently. Love's madness he had known:
        Often with more than tortured lion's groan
        Moanings had burst from him; but now that rage
        Had pass'd away: no longer did he wage
        A rough-voic'd war against the dooming stars.
        No, he had felt too much for such harsh jars:
        The lyre of his soul AEolian tun'd
        Forgot all violence, and but commun'd
        With melancholy thought: O he had swoon'd
        Drunken from pleasure's nipple; and his love
        Henceforth was dove-like.- Loth was he to move
        From the imprinted couch, and when he did,
        'Twas with slow, languid paces, and face hid
        In muffling hands. So temper'd, out he stray'd
        Half seeing visions that might have dismay'd
        Alecto's serpents; ravishments more keen
        Than Hermes' pipe, when anxious he did lean
        Over eclipsing eyes: and at the last
        It was a sounding grotto, vaulted, vast,
        O'er studded with a thousand, thousand pearls,
        And crimson mouthed shells with stubborn curls,
        Of every shape and size, even to the bulk
        In which whales arbour close, to brood and sulk
        Against an endless storm. Moreover too,
        Fish-semblances, of green and azure hue,
        Ready to snort their streams. In this cool wonder
        Endymion sat down, and 'gan to ponder
        On all his life: his youth, up to the day
        When 'mid acclaim, and feasts, and garlands gay,
        He stept upon his shepherd throne: the look
        Of his white palace in wild forest nook,
        And all the revels he had lorded there:
        Each tender maiden whom he once thought fair,
        With every friend and fellow-woodlander-
        Pass'd like a dream before him. Then the spur
        Of the old bards to mighty deeds: his plans
        To nurse the golden age 'mong shepherd clans:
        That wondrous night: the great Pan-festival:
        His sister's sorrow; and his wanderings all,
        Until into the earth's deep maw he rush'd:
        Then all its buried magic, till it flush'd
        High with excessive love. "And now," thought he,
       "How long must I remain in jeopardy
        Of blank amazements that amaze no more?
        Now I have tasted her sweet soul to the core
        All other depths are shallow: essences,
        Once spiritual, are like muddy lees,
        Meant but to fertilize my earthly root,
        And make my branches lift a golden fruit
        Into the bloom of heaven: other light,
        Though it be quick and sharp enough to blight
        The Olympian eagle's vision, is dark,
        Dark as the parentage of chaos. Hark!
        My silent thoughts are echoing from these shells;
        Or they are but the ghosts, the dying swells
        Of noises far away?- list!"- Hereupon
        He kept an anxious ear. The humming tone
        Came louder, and behold, there as he lay,
        On either side outgush'd, with misty spray,
        A copious spring; and both together dash'd
        Swift, mad, fantastic round the rocks and lash'd
        Among the conchs and shells of the lofty grot,
        Leaving a trickling dew. At last they shot
        Down from the ceiling's height, pouring a noise
        As of some breathless racers whose hopes poize
        Upon the last few steps, and with spent force
        Along the ground they took a winding course.
        Endymion follow'd- for it seem'd that one
        Ever pursued, the other strove to shun-
        Follow'd their languid mazes, till well nigh
        He had left thinking of the mystery,-
        And was now rapt in tender hoverings
        Over the vanish'd bliss. Ah! what is it sings
        His dream away? What melodies are these?
        They sound as through the whispering of trees,
        Not native in such barren vaults. Give ear!

          "O Arethusa, peerless nymph! why fear
        Such tenderness as mine? Great Dian, why,
        Why didst thou hear her prayer? O that I
        Were rippling round her dainty fairness now,
        Circling about her waist, and striving how
        To entice her to a dive! then stealing in
        Between her luscious lips and eyelids thin.
        O that her shining hair was in the sun,
        And I distilling from it thence to run
        In amorous rillets down her shrinking form!
        To linger on her lilly shoulders, warm
        Between her kissing breasts, and every charm
        Touch raptur'd!- See how painfully I flow:
        Fair maid, be pitiful to my great woe.
        Stay, stay thy weary course, and let me lead,
        A happy wooer, to the flowery mead
        Where all that beauty snar'd me."- "Cruel god,
        Desist! or my offended mistress' nod
        Will stagnate all thy fountains:- teaze me not
        With syren words- Ah, have I really got
        Such power to madden thee? And is it true-
        Away, away, or I shall dearly rue
        My very thoughts: in mercy then away,
        Kindest Alpheus, for should I obey
        My own dear will, 'twould be a deadly bane.
        O, Oread-Queen! would that thou hadst a pain
        Like this of mine, then would I fearless turn
        And be a criminal. Alas, I burn,
        I shudder- gentle river, get thee hence.
        Alpheus! thou enchanter! every sense
        Of mine was once made perfect in these woods.
        Fresh breezes, bowery lawns, and innocent floods,
        Ripe fruits, and lonely couch, contentment gave;
        But ever since I heedlessly did lave
        In thy deceitful stream, a panting glow
        Grew strong within me: wherefore serve me so,
        And call it love? Alas, 'twas cruelty.
        Not once more did I close my happy eye
        Amid the thrushes' song. Away! Avaunt!
        O 'twas a cruel thing."- "Now thou dost taunt
        So softly, Arethusa, that I think
        If thou wast playing on my shady brink,
        Thou wouldst bathe once again. Innocent maid!
        Stifle thine heart no more; nor be afraid
        Of angry powers: there are deities
        Will shade us with their wings. Those fitful sighs
        'Tis almost death to hear: O let me pour
        A dewy balm upon them!- fear no more,
        Sweet Arethusa! Dian's self must feel
        Sometime these very pangs. Dear maiden, steal
        Blushing into my soul, and let us fly
        These dreary caverns for the open sky.
        I will delight thee all my winding course,
        From the green sea up to my hidden source
        About Arcadian forests; and will show
        The channels where my coolest waters flow
        Through mossy rocks; where, 'mid exuberant green,
        I roam in pleasant darkness, more unseen
        Than Saturn in his exile; where I brim
        Round flowery islands, and take thence a skim
        Of mealy sweets, which myriads of bees
        Buzz from their honey'd wings: and thou shouldst please
        Thyself to choose the richest, where we might
        Be incense-pillow'd every summer night.
        Doff all sad fears, thou white deliciousness,
        And let us be thus comforted; unless
        Thou couldst rejoice to see my hopeless stream
        Hurry distracted from Sol's temperate beam,
        And pour to death along some hungry sands."-
       "What can I do, Alpheus? Dian stands
        Severe before me: persecuting fate!
        Unhappy Arethusa! thou wast late
        A huntress free in"- At this, sudden fell
        Those two sad streams adown a fearful dell.
        The Latmian listen'd, but he heard no more,
        Save echo, faint repeating o'er and o'er
        The name of Arethusa. On the verge
        Of that dark gulph he wept, and said: "I urge
        Thee, gentle Goddess of my pilgrimage,
        By our eternal hopes, to soothe, to assuage,
        If thou art powerful, these lovers' pains;
        And make them happy in some happy plains."

          He turn'd- there was a whelming sound- he stept,
        There was a cooler light; and so he kept
        Towards it by a sandy path, and lo!
        More suddenly than doth a moment go,
        The visions of the earth were gone and fled-
        He saw the giant sea above his head.
                       BOOK III.

        There are who lord it o'er their fellow-men
        With most prevailing tinsel: who unpen
        Their baaing vanities, to browse away
        The comfortable green and juicy hay
        From human pastures; or, O torturing fact!
        Who, through an idiot blink, will see unpack'd
        Fire-branded foxes to sear up and singe
        Our gold and ripe-ear'd hopes. With not one tinge
        Of sanctuary splendour, not a sight
        Able to face an owl's, they still are dight
        By the blear-eyed nations in empurpled vests,
        And crowns, and turbans. With unladen breasts,
        Save of blown self-applause, they proudly mount
        To their spirit's perch, their being's high account,
        Their tiptop nothings, their dull skies, their thrones-
        Amid the fierce intoxicating tones
        Of trumpets, shoutings, and belabour'd drums,
        And sudden cannon. Ah! how all this hums,
        In wakeful ears, like uproar past and gone-
        Like thunder clouds that spake to Babylon,
        And set those old Chaldeans to their tasks.-
        Are then regalities all gilded masks?
        No, there are throned seats unscalable
        But by a patient wing, a constant spell,
        Or by ethereal things that, unconfin'd,
        Can make a ladder of the eternal wind,
        And poize about in cloudy thunder-tents
        To watch the abysm-birth of elements.
        Aye, 'bove the withering of old-lipp'd Fate
        A thousand Powers keep religious state,
        In water, fiery realm, and airy bourne;
        And, silent as a consecrated urn,
        Hold sphery sessions for a season due.
        Yet few of these far majesties, ah, few!
        Have bared their operations to this globe-
        Few, who with gorgeous pageantry enrobe
        Our piece of heaven- whose benevolence
        Shakes hand with our own Ceres; every sense
        Filling with spiritual sweets to plenitude,
        As bees gorge full their cells. And, by the feud
        'Twixt Nothing and Creation, I here swear,
        Eterne Apollo! that thy Sister fair
        Is of all these the gentlier- mightiest.
        When thy gold breath is misting in the west,
        She unobserved steals unto her throne,
        And there she sits most meek and most alone;
        As if she had not pomp subservient;
        As if thine eye, high Poet! was not bent
        Towards her with the Muses in thine heart;
        As if the ministring stars kept not apart,
        Waiting for silver-footed messages.
        O Moon! the oldest shades 'mong oldest trees
        Feel palpitations when thou lookest in:
        O Moon! old boughs lisp forth a holier din
        The while they feel thine airy fellowship.
        Thou dost bless every where, with silver lip
        Kissing dead things to life. The sleeping kine,
        Couch'd in thy brightness, dream of fields divine:
        Innumerable mountains rise, and rise,
        Ambitious for the hallowing of thine eyes;
        And yet thy benediction passeth not
        One obscure hiding-place, one little spot
        Where pleasure may be sent: the nested wren
        Has thy fair face within its tranquil ken,
        And from beneath a sheltering ivy leaf
        Takes glimpses of thee; thou art a relief
        To the poor patient oyster, where it sleeps
        Within its pearly house.- The mighty deeps,
        The monstrous sea is thine- the myriad sea!
        O Moon! far-spooming Ocean bows to thee,
        And Tellus feels his forehead's cumbrous load.

          Cynthia! where art thou now? What far abode
        Of green or silvery bower doth enshrine
        Such utmost beauty? Alas, thou dost pine
        For one as sorrowful: thy cheek is pale
        For one whose cheek is pale: thou dost bewail
        His tears, who weeps for thee. Where dost thou sigh?
        Ah! surely that light peeps from Vesper's eye,
        Or what a thing is love! 'Tis She, but lo!
        How chang'd, how full of ache, how gone in woe!
        She dies at the thinnest cloud; her loveliness
        Is wan on Neptune's blue: yet there's a stress
        Of love-spangles, just off yon cape of trees,
        Dancing upon the waves, as if to please
        The curly foam with amorous influence.
        O, not so idle: for down-glancing thence
        She fathoms eddies, and runs wild about
        O'erwhelming water-courses; scaring out
        The thorny sharks from hiding-holes, and fright'ning
        Their savage eyes with unaccustom'd lightning.
        Where will the splendour be content to reach?
        O love! how potent hast thou been to teach
        Strange journeyings! Wherever beauty dwells,
        In gulph or aerie, mountains or deep dells,
        In light, in gloom, in star or blazing sun,
        Thou pointest out the way, and straight 'tis won.
        Amid his toil thou gav'st Leander breath;
        Thou leddest Orpheus through the gleams of death;
        Thou madest Pluto bear thin element;
        And now, O winged Chieftain! thou hast sent
        A moon-beam to the deep, deep water-world,
        To find Endymion.

                               On gold sand impearl'd
        With lilly shells, and pebbles milky white,
        Poor Cynthia greeted him, and sooth'd her light
        Against his pallid face: he felt the charm
        To breathlessness, and suddenly a warm
        Of his heart's blood: 'twas very sweet; he stay'd
        His wandering steps, and half-entranced laid
        His head upon a tuft of straggling weeds,
        To taste the gentle moon, and freshening beads,
        Lash'd from the crystal roof by fishes' tails.
        And so he kept, until the rosy veils
        Mantling the east, by Aurora's peering hand
        Were lifted from the water's breast, and fann'd
        Into sweet air; and sober'd morning came
        Meekly through billows:- when like taper-flame
        Left sudden by a dallying breath of air,
        He rose in silence, and once more 'gan fare
        Along his fated way.

                               Far had he roam'd,
        With nothing save the hollow vast, that foam'd,
        Above, around, and at his feet; save things
        More dead than Morpheus' imaginings:
        Old rusted anchors, helmets, breast-plates large
        Of gone sea-warriors; brazen beaks and targe;
        Rudders that for a hundred years had lost
        The sway of human hand; gold vase emboss'd
        With long-forgotten story, and wherein
        No reveller had ever dipp'd a chin
        But those of Saturn's vintage; mouldering scrolls,
        Writ in the tongue of heaven, by those souls
        Who first were on the earth; and sculptures rude
        In ponderous stone, developing the mood
        Of ancient Nox;- then skeletons of man,
        Of beast, behemoth, and leviathan,
        And elephant, and eagle, and huge jaw
        Of nameless monster. A cold leaden awe
        These secrets struck into him; and unless
        Dian had chaced away that heaviness,
        He might have died: but now, with cheered feel,
        He onward kept; wooing these thoughts to steal
        About the labyrinth in his soul of love.

          "What is there in thee, Moon! that thou shouldst move
        My heart so potently? When yet a child
        I oft have dried my tears when thou hast smil'd.
        Thou seem'dst my sister: hand in hand we went
        From eve to morn across the firmament.
        No apples would I gather from the tree,
        Till thou hadst cool'd their cheeks deliciously:
        No tumbling water ever spake romance,
        But when my eyes with thine thereon could dance:
        No woods were green enough, no bower divine,
        Until thou liftedst up thine eyelids fine:
        In sowing time ne'er would I dibble take,
        Or drop a seed, till thou wast wide awake;
        And, in the summer tide of blossoming,
        No one but thee hath heard me blithly sing
        And mesh my dewy flowers all the night.
        No melody was like a passing spright
        If it went not to solemnize thy reign.
        Yes, in my boyhood, every joy and pain
        By thee were fashion'd to the self-same end;
        And as I grew in years, still didst thou blend
        With all my ardours: thou wast the deep glen;
        Thou wast the mountain-top- the sage's pen-
        The poet's harp- the voice of friends- the sun;
        Thou wast the river- thou wast glory won;
        Thou wast my clarion's blast- thou wast my steed-
        My goblet full of wine- my topmost deed:-
        Thou wast the charm of women, lovely Moon!
        O what a wild and harmonized tune
        My spirit struck from all the beautiful!
        On some bright essence could I lean, and lull
        Myself to immortality: I prest
        Nature's soft pillow in a wakeful rest.
        But, gentle Orb! there came a nearer bliss-
        My strange love came- Felicity's abyss!
        She came, and thou didst fade, and fade away-
        Yet not entirely; no, thy starry sway
        Has been an under-passion to this hour.
        Now I begin to feel thine orby power
        Is coming fresh upon me: O be kind,
        Keep back thine influence, and do not blind
        My sovereign vision.- Dearest love, forgive
        That I can think away from thee and live!-
        Pardon me, airy planet, that I prize
        One thought beyond thine argent luxuries!
        How far beyond!" At this a surpris'd start
        Frosted the springing verdure of his heart;
        For as he lifted up his eyes to swear
        How his own goddess was past all things fair,
        He saw far in the concave green of the sea
        An old man sitting calm and peacefully.
        Upon a weeded rock this old man sat,
        And his white hair was awful, and a mat
        Of weeds were cold beneath his cold thin feet;
        And, ample as the largest winding-sheet,
        A cloak of blue wrapp'd up his aged bones,
        O'erwrought with symbols by the deepest groans
        Of ambitious magic: every ocean-form
        Was woven in with black distinctness; storm,
        And calm, and whispering, and hideous roar,
        Quicksand, and whirlpool, and deserted shore,
        Were emblem'd in the woof; with every shape
        That skims, or dives, or sleeps, 'twixt cape and cape.
        The gulphing whale was like a dot in the spell,
        Yet look upon it, and 'twould size and swell
        To its huge self; and the minutest fish
        Would pass the very hardest gazer's wish,
        And show his little eye's anatomy.
        Then there was pictur'd the regality
        Of Neptune; and the sea nymphs round his state,
        In beauteous vassalage, look up and wait.
        Beside this old man lay a pearly wand,
        And in his lap a book, the which he conn'd
        So stedfastly, that the new denizen
        Had time to keep him in amazed ken,
        To mark these shadowings, and stand in awe.

          The old man rais'd his hoary head and saw
        The wilder'd stranger- seeming not to see,
        His features were so lifeless. Suddenly
        He woke as from a trance; his snow-white brows
        Went arching up, and like two magic ploughs
        Furrow'd deep wrinkles in his forehead large,
        Which kept as fixedly as rocky marge,
        Till round his wither'd lips had gone a smile.
        Then up he rose, like one whose tedious toil
        Had watch'd for years in forlorn hermitage,
        Who had not from mid-life to utmost age
        Eas'd in one accent his o'er-burden'd soul,
        Even to the trees. He rose: he grasp'd his stole,
        With convuls'd clenches waving it abroad,
        And in a voice of solemn joy, that aw'd
        Echo into oblivion, he said:-

          "Thou art the man! Now shall I lay my head
        In peace upon my watery pillow: now
        Sleep will come smoothly to my weary brow.
        O Jove! I shall be young again, be young!
        O shell-borne Neptune, I am pierc'd and stung
        With new-born life! What shall I do? Where go,
        When I have cast this serpent-skin of woe?-
        I'll swim to the syrens, and one moment listen
        Their melodies, and see their long hair glisten;
        Anon upon that giant's arm I'll be,
        That writhes about the roots of Sicily:
        To northern seas I'll in a twinkling sail,
        And mount upon the snortings of a whale
        To some black cloud; thence down I'll madly sweep
        On forked lightning, to the deepest deep,
        Where through some sucking pool I will be hurl'd
        With rapture to the other side of the world!
        O, I am full of gladness! Sisters three,
        I bow full hearted to your old decree!
        Yes, every god be thank'd, and power benign,
        For I no more shall wither, droop, and pine.
        Thou art the man!" Endymion started back
        Dismay'd; and, like a wretch from whom the rack
        Tortures hot breath, and speech of agony,
        Mutter'd: "What lonely death am I to die
        In this cold region? Will he let me freeze,
        And float my brittle limbs o'er polar seas?
        Or will he touch me with his searing hand,
        And leave a black memorial on the sand?
        Or tear me piece-meal with a bony saw,
        And keep me as a chosen food to draw
        His magian fish through hated fire and flame?
        O misery of hell! resistless, tame,
        Am I to be burnt up? No, I will shout,
        Until the gods through heaven's blue look out!-
        O Tartarus! but some few days agone
        Her soft arms were entwining me, and on
        Her voice I hung like fruit among green leaves:
        Her lips were all my own, and- ah, ripe sheaves
        Of happiness! ye on the stubble droop,
        But never may be garner'd. I must stoop
        My head, and kiss death's foot. Love! love, farewell!
        Is there no hope from thee? This horrid spell
        Would melt at thy sweet breath.- By Dian's hind
        Feeding from her white fingers, on the wind
        I see thy streaming hair! and now, by Pan,
        I care not for this old mysterious man!"

          He spake, and walking to that aged form,
        Look'd high defiance. Lo! his heart 'gan warm
        With pity, for the grey-hair'd creature wept.
        Had he then wrong'd a heart where sorrow kept?
        Had he, though blindly contumelious, brought
        Rheum to kind eyes, a sting to humane thought,
        Convulsion to a mouth of many years?
        He had in truth; and he was ripe for tears.
        The penitent shower fell, as down he knelt
        Before that care-worn sage, who trembling felt
        About his large dark locks, and faultering spake:

          "Arise, good youth, for sacred Phoebus' sake!
        I know thine inmost bosom, and I feel
        A very brother's yearning for thee steal
        Into mine own: for why? thou openest
        The prison gates that have so long opprest
        My weary watching. Though thou know'st it not,
        Thou art commission'd to this fated spot
        For great enfranchisement. O weep no more;
        I am a friend to love, to loves of yore:
        Aye, hadst thou never lov'd an unknown power,
        I had been grieving at this joyous hour.
        But even now most miserable old,
        I saw thee, and my blood no longer cold
        Gave mighty pulses: in this tottering case
        Grew a new heart, which at this moment plays
        As dancingly as thine. Be not afraid,
        For thou shalt hear this secret all display'd,
        Now as we speed towards our joyous task."

          So saying, this young soul in age's mask
        Went forward with the Carian side by side:
        Resuming quickly thus: while ocean's tide
        Hung swollen at their backs, and jewel'd sands
        Took silently their foot-prints.

                                      "My soul stands
        Now past the midway from mortality,
        And so I can prepare without a sigh
        To tell thee briefly all my joy and pain.
        I was a fisher once, upon this main,
        And my boat danc'd in every creek and bay;
        Rough billows were my home by night and day,-
        The sea-gulls not more constant; for I had
        No housing from the storm and tempests mad,
        But hollow rocks,- and they were palaces
        Of silent happiness, of slumberous ease:
        Long years of misery have told me so.
        Aye, thus it was one thousand years ago.
        One thousand years!- Is it then possible
        To look so plainly through them? to dispel
        A thousand years with backward glance sublime?
        To breathe away as 'twere all scummy slime
        From off a crystal pool, to see its deep,
        And one's own image from the bottom peep?
        Yes: now I am no longer wretched thrall,
        My long captivity and moanings all
        Are but a slime, a thin-pervading scum,
        The which I breathe away, and thronging come
        Like things of yesterday my youthful pleasures.

          "I touch'd no lute, I sang not, trod no measures:
        I was a lonely youth on desert shores.
        My sports were lonely, 'mid continuous roars,
        And craggy isles, and sea-mew's plaintive cry
        Plaining discrepant between sea and sky.
        Dolphins were still my playmates; shapes unseen
        Would let me feel their scales of gold and green,
        Nor be my desolation; and, full oft,
        When a dread waterspout had rear'd aloft
        Its hungry hugeness, seeming ready ripe
        To burst with hoarsest thunderings, and wipe
        My life away like a vast sponge of fate,
        Some friendly monster, pitying my sad state,
        Has dived to its foundations, gulph'd it down,
        And left me tossing safely. But the crown
        Of all my life was utmost quietude:
        More did I love to lie in cavern rude,
        Keeping in wait whole days for Neptune's voice,
        And if it came at last, hark, and rejoice!
        There blush'd no summer eve but I would steer
        My skiff along green shelving coasts, to hear
        The shepherd's pipe come clear from aery steep,
        Mingled with ceaseless bleatings of his sheep:
        And never was a day of summer shine,
        But I beheld its birth upon the brine:
        For I would watch all night to see unfold
        Heaven's gates, and AEthon snort his morning gold
        Wide o'er the swelling streams: and constantly
        At brim of day-tide, on some grassy lea,
        My nets would be spread out, and I at rest.
        The poor folk of the sea-country I blest
        With daily boon of fish most delicate:
        They knew not whence this bounty, and elate
        Would strew sweet flowers on a sterile beach.

          "Why was I not contented? Wherefore reach
        At things which, but for thee, O Latmian!
        Had been my dreary death? Fool! I began
        To feel distemper'd longings: to desire
        The utmost privilege that ocean's sire
        Could grant in benediction: to be free
        Of all his kingdom. Long in misery
        I wasted, ere in one extremest fit
        I plung'd for life or death. To interknit
        One's senses with so dense a breathing stuff
        Might seem a work of pain; so not enough
        Can I admire how crystal-smooth it felt,
        And buoyant round my limbs. At first I dwelt
        Whole days and days in sheer astonishment;
        Forgetful utterly of self-intent;
        Moving but with the mighty ebb and flow.
        Then, like a new fledg'd bird that first doth show
        His spreaded feathers to the morrow chill,
        I tried in fear the pinions of my will.
        'Twas freedom! and at once I visited
        The ceaseless wonders of this ocean-bed.
        No need to tell thee of them, for I see
        That thou hast been a witness- it must be-
        For these I know thou canst not feel a drouth,
        By the melancholy corners of that mouth.
        So I will in my story straightway pass
        To more immediate matter. Woe, alas!
        That love should be my bane! Ah, Scylla fair!
        Why did poor Glaucus ever- ever dare
        To sue thee to his heart? Kind stranger- youth!
        I lov'd her to the very white of truth,
        And she would not conceive it. Timid thing!
        She fled me swift as sea-bird on the wing,
        Round every isle, and point, and promontory,
        From where large Hercules wound up his story
        Far as Egyptian Nile. My passion grew
        The more, the more I saw her dainty hue
        Gleam delicately through the azure clear:
        Until 'twas too fierce agony to bear;
        And in that agony, across my grief
        It flash'd, that Circe might find some relief-
        Cruel enchantress! So above the water
        I rear'd my head, and look'd for Phoebus' daughter,
        AEaea's isle was wondering at the moon:-
        It seem'd to whirl around me, and a swoon
        Left me dead-drifting to that fatal power.

          "When I awoke, 'twas in a twilight bower;
        Just when the light of morn, with hum of bees,
        Stole through its verdurous matting of fresh trees.
        How sweet, and sweeter! for I heard a lyre,
        And over it a sighing voice expire.
        It ceased- I caught light footsteps; and anon
        The fairest face that morn e'er look'd upon
        Push'd through a screen of roses. Starry Jove!
        With tears, and smiles, and honey-words she wove
        A net whose thraldom was more bliss than all
        The range of flower'd Elysium. Thus did fall
        The dew of her rich speech: 'Ah! Art awake?
       'O let me hear thee speak, for Cupid's sake!
       'I am so oppress'd with joy! Why, I have shed
       'An urn of tears, as though thou wert cold dead;
       'And now I find thee living, I will pour
       'From these devoted eyes their silver store,
       'Until exhausted of the latest drop,
       'So it will pleasure thee, and force thee stop
       'Here, that I too may live: but if beyond
       'Such cool and sorrowful offerings, thou art fond
       'Of soothing warmth, of dalliance supreme;
       'If thou art ripe to taste a long love dream;
       'If smiles, if dimples, tongues for ardour mute,
       'Hang in thy vision like a tempting fruit,
       'O let me pluck it for thee.' Thus she link'd
        Her charming syllables, till indistinct
        Their music came to my o'er-sweeten'd soul;
        And then she hover'd over me, and stole
        So near, that if no nearer it had been
        This furrow'd visage thou hadst never seen.

          "Young man of Latmos! thus particular
        Am I, that thou may'st plainly see how far
        This fierce temptation went: and thou may'st not
        Exclaim, How then, was Scylla quite forgot?

          "Who could resist? Who in this universe?
        She did so breathe ambrosia; so immerse
        My fine existence in a golden clime.
        She took me like a child of suckling time,
        And cradled me in roses. Thus condemn'd,
        The current of my former life was stemm'd,
        And to this arbitrary queen of sense
        I bow'd a tranced vassal: nor would thence
        Have mov'd, even though Amphion's harp had woo'd
        Me back to Scylla o'er the billows rude.
        For as Apollo each eve doth devise
        A new appareling for western skies;
        So every eve, nay every spendthrift hour
        Shed balmy consciousness within that bower.
        And I was free of haunts umbrageous;
        Could wander in the mazy forest-house
        Of squirrels, foxes shy, and antler'd deer,
        And birds from coverts innermost and drear
        Warbling for very joy mellifluous sorrow-
        To me new born delights!

                                  "Now let me borrow,
        For moments few, a temperament as stern
        As Pluto's sceptre, that my words not burn
        These uttering lips, while I in calm speech tell
        How specious heaven was changed to real hell.

          "One morn she left me sleeping: half awake
        I sought for her smooth arms and lips, to slake
        My greedy thirst with nectarous camel-draughts;
        But she was gone. Whereat the barbed shafts
        Of disappointment stuck in me so sore,
        That out I ran and search'd the forest o'er.
        Wandering about in pine and cedar gloom
        Damp awe assail'd me; for there 'gan to boom
        A sound of moan, an agony of sound,
        Sepulchral from the distance all around.
        Then came a conquering earth-thunder, and rumbled
        That fierce complain to silence: while I stumbled
        Down a precipitous path, as if impell'd.
        I came to a dark valley.- Groanings swell'd
        Poisonous about my ears, and louder grew,
        The nearer I approach'd a flame's gaunt blue,
        That glar'd before me through a thorny brake.
        This fire, like the eye of gordian snake,
        Bewitch'd me towards; and I soon was near
        A sight too fearful for the feel of fear:
        In thicket hid I curs'd the haggard scene-
        The banquet of my arms, my arbour queen,
        Seated upon an uptorn forest root;
        And all around her shapes, wizard and brute,
        Laughing, and wailing, groveling, serpenting,
        Showing tooth, tusk, and venom-bag, and sting!
        O such deformities! Old Charon's self,
        Should he give up awhile his penny pelf,
        And take a dream 'mong rushes Stygian,
        It could not be so phantasied. Fierce, wan,
        And tyrannizing was the lady's look,
        As over them a gnarled staff she shook.
        Oft-times upon the sudden she laugh'd out,
        And from a basket emptied to the rout
        Clusters of grapes, the which they raven'd quick
        And roar'd for more; with many a hungry lick
        About their shaggy jaws. Avenging, slow,
        Anon she took a branch of mistletoe,
        And emptied on't a black dull-gurgling phial:
        Groan'd one and all, as if some piercing trial
        Was sharpening for their pitiable bones.
        She lifted up the charm: appealing groans
        From their poor breasts went sueing to her ear
        In vain; remorseless as an infant's bier
        She whisk'd against their eyes the sooty oil.
        Whereat was heard a noise of painful toil,
        Increasing gradual to a tempest rage,
        Shrieks, yells, and groans of torture-pilgrimage;
        Until their grieved bodies 'gan to bloat
        And puff from the tail's end to stifled throat:
        Then was appalling silence: then a sight
        More wildering than all that hoarse affright;
        For the whole herd, as by a whirlwind writhen,
        Went through the dismal air like one huge Python
        Antagonizing Boreas,- and so vanish'd.
        Yet there was not a breath of wind: she banish'd
        These phantoms with a nod. Lo! from the dark
        Came waggish fauns, and nymphs, and satyrs stark,
        With dancing and loud revelry,- and went
        Swifter than centaurs after rapine bent.-
        Sighing an elephant appear'd and bow'd
        Before the fierce witch, speaking thus aloud
        In human accent: 'Potent goddess! chief
       'Of pains resistless! make my being brief,
       'Or let me from this heavy prison fly:
       'Or give me to the air, or let me die!
       'I sue not for my happy crown again;
       'I sue not for my phalanx on the plain;
       'I sue not for my lone, my widow'd wife;
       'I sue not for my ruddy drops of life,
       'My children fair, my lovely girls and boys!
       'I will forget them; I will pass these joys;
       'Ask nought so heavenward, so too- too high:
       'Only I pray, as fairest boon, to die,
       'Or be deliver'd from this cumbrous flesh,
       'From this gross, detestable, filthy mesh,
       'And merely given to the cold bleak air.
       'Have mercy, Goddess! Circe, feel my prayer!'

          "That curst magician's name fell icy numb
        Upon my wild conjecturing: truth had come
        Naked and sabre-like against my heart.
        I saw a fury whetting a death-dart;
        And my slain spirit, overwrought with fright,
        Fainted away in that dark lair of night.
        Think, my deliverer, how desolate
        My waking must have been! disgust, and hate,
        And terrors manifold divided me
        A spoil amongst them. I prepar'd to flee
        Into the dungeon core of that wild wood:
        I fled three days- when lo! before me stood
        Glaring the angry witch. O Dis, even now,
        A clammy dew is beading on my brow,
        At mere remembering her pale laugh, and curse.
       'Ha! ha! Sir Dainty! there must be a nurse
       'Made of rose leaves and thistledown, express,
       'To cradle thee my sweet, and lull thee: yes,
       'I am too flinty-hard for thy nice touch:
       'My tenderest squeeze is but a giant's clutch.
       'So, fairy-thing, it shall have lullabies
       'Unheard of yet: and it shall still its cries
       'Upon some breast more lilly-feminine.
       'Oh, no- it shall not pine, and pine, and pine
       'More than one pretty, trifling thousand years;
       'And then 'twere pity, but fate's gentle shears
       'Cut short its immortality. Sea-flirt!
       'Young dove of the waters! truly I'll not hurt
       'One hair of thine: see how I weep and sigh,
       'That our heart-broken parting is so nigh.
       'And must we part? Ah, yes, it must be so.
       'Yet ere thou leavest me in utter woe,
       'Let me sob over thee my last adieus,
       'And speak a blessing: Mark me! Thou hast thews
       'Immortal, for thou art of heavenly race:
       'But such a love is mine, that here I chace
       'Eternally away from thee all bloom
       'Of youth, and destine thee towards a tomb.
       'Hence shalt thou quickly to the watery vast;
       'And there, ere many days be overpast,
       'Disabled age shall seize thee; and even then
       'Thou shalt not go the way of aged men;
       'But live and wither, cripple and still breathe
       'Ten hundred years: which gone, I then bequeath
       'Thy fragile bones to unknown burial.
       'Adieu, sweet love, adieu!'- As shot stars fall,
        She fled ere I could groan for mercy. Stung
        And poison'd was my spirit: despair sung
        A war-song of defiance 'gainst all hell.
        A hand was at my shoulder to compel
        My sullen steps; another 'fore my eyes
        Moved on with pointed finger. In this guise
        Enforced, at the last by ocean's foam
        I found me; by my fresh, my native home.
        Its tempering coolness, to my life akin,
        Came salutary as I waded in;
        And, with a blind voluptuous rage, I gave
        Battle to the swollen billow-ridge, and drave
        Large froth before me, while there yet remain'd
        Hale strength, nor from my bones all marrow drain'd.

          "Young lover, I must weep- such hellish spite
        With dry cheek who can tell? While thus my might
        Proving upon this element, dismay'd,
        Upon a dead thing's face my hand I laid;
        I look'd- 'twas Scylla! Cursed, cursed Circe!
        O vulture-witch, hast never heard of mercy?
        Could not thy harshest vengeance be content,
        But thou must nip this tender innocent
        Because I lov'd her?- Cold, O cold indeed
        Were her fair limbs, and like a common weed
        The sea-swell took her hair. Dead as she was
        I clung about her waist, nor ceas'd to pass
        Fleet as an arrow through unfathom'd brine,
        Until there shone a fabric crystalline,
        Ribb'd and inlaid with coral, pebble, and pearl.
        Headlong I darted; at one eager swirl
        Gain'd its bright portal, enter'd, and behold!
        'Twas vast, and desolate, and icy-cold;
        And all around- But wherefore this to thee
        Who in few minutes more thyself shalt see?-
        I left poor Scylla in a niche and fled.
        My fever'd parchings up, my scathing dread
        Met palsy half way: soon these limbs became
        Gaunt, wither'd, sapless, feeble, cramp'd, and lame.

          "Now let me pass a cruel, cruel space,
        Without one hope, without one faintest trace
        Of mitigation, or redeeming bubble
        Of colour'd phantasy; for I fear 'twould trouble
        Thy brain to loss of reason: and next tell
        How a restoring chance came down to quell
        One half of the witch in me.

                                      "On a day,
        Sitting upon a rock above the spray,
        I saw grow up from the horizon's brink
        A gallant vessel: soon she seem'd to sink
        Away from me again, as though her course
        Had been resum'd in spite of hindering force-
        So vanish'd: and not long, before arose
        Dark clouds, and muttering of winds morose.
        Old AEolus would stifle his mad spleen,
        But could not: therefore all the billows green
        Toss'd up the silver spume against the clouds.
        The tempest came: I saw that vessel's shrouds
        In perilous bustle; while upon the deck
        Stood trembling creatures. I beheld the wreck;
        The final gulphing; the poor struggling souls:
        I heard their cries amid loud thunder-rolls.
        O they had all been sav'd but crazed eld
        Annull'd my vigorous cravings: and thus quell'd
        And curb'd, think on't, O Latmian! did I sit
        Writhing with pity, and a cursing fit
        Against that hell-born Circe. The crew had gone,
        By one and one, to pale oblivion;
        And I was gazing on the surges prone,
        With many a scalding tear and many a groan,
        When at my feet emerg'd an old man's hand,
        Grasping this scroll, and this same slender wand.
        I knelt with pain- reach'd out my hand- had grasp'd
        These treasures- touch'd the knuckles- they unclasp'd-
        I caught a finger: but the downward weight
        O'erpowered me- it sank. Then 'gan abate
        The storm, and through chill aguish gloom outburst
        The comfortable sun. I was athirst
        To search the book, and in the warming air
        Parted its dripping leaves with eager care.
        Strange matters did it treat of, and drew on
        My soul page after page, till well-nigh won
        Into forgetfulness; when, stupefied,
        I read these words, and read again, and tried
        My eyes against the heavens, and read again.
        O what a load of misery and pain
        Each Atlas-line bore off!- a shine of hope
        Came gold around me, cheering me to cope
        Strenuous with hellish tyranny. Attend!
        For thou hast brought their promise to an end.

          "In the wide sea there lives a forlorn wretch,
        Doom'd with enfeebled carcase to outstretch
        His loath'd existence through ten centuries,
        And then to die alone. Who can devise
        A total opposition? No one. So
        One million times ocean must ebb and flow,
        And he oppressed. Yet he shall not die,
        These things accomplish'd:- If he utterly
        Scans all the depths of magic, and expounds
        The meanings of all motions, shapes and sounds;
        If he explores all forms and substances
        Straight homeward to their symbol-essences;
        He shall not die. Moreover, and in chief,
        He must pursue this task of joy and grief
        Most piously;- all lovers tempest-tost,
        And in the savage overwhelming lost,
        He shall deposit side by side, until
        Time's creeping shall the dreary space fulfil:
        Which done, and all these labours ripened,
        A youth, by heavenly power lov'd and led,
        Shall stand before him; whom he shall direct
        How to consummate all. The youth elect
        Must do the thing, or both will be destroy'd."-

          "Then," cried the young Endymion, overjoy'd,
       "We are twin brothers in this destiny!
        Say, I intreat thee, what achievement high
        Is, in this restless world, for me reserv'd.
        What! if from thee my wandering feet had swerv'd,
        Had we both perish'd?"- "Look!" the sage replied,
       "Dost thou not mark a gleaming through the tide,
        Of diverse brilliances? 'tis the edifice
        I told thee of, where lovely Scylla lies;
        And where I have enshrined piously
        All lovers, whom fell storms have doom'd to die
        Throughout my bondage." Thus discoursing, on
        They went till unobscur'd the porches shone;
        Which hurryingly they gain'd, and enter'd straight.
        Sure never since king Neptune held his state
        Was seen such wonder underneath the stars.
        Turn to some level plain where haughty Mars
        Has legion'd all his battle; and behold
        How every soldier, with firm foot, doth hold
        His even breast: see, many steeled squares,
        And rigid ranks of iron-whence who dares
        One step? Imagine further, line by line,
        These warrior thousands on the field supine:-
        So in that crystal place, in silent rows,
        Poor lovers lay at rest from joys and woes.-
        The stranger from the mountains, breathless, trac'd
        Such thousands of shut eyes in order plac'd;
        Such ranges of white feet, and patient lips
        All ruddy,- for here death no blossom nips.
        He mark'd their brows and foreheads; saw their hair
        Put sleekly on one side with nicest care;
        And each one's gentle wrists, with reverence,
        Put cross-wise to its heart.

                                   "Let us commence,"
        Whisper'd the guide, stuttering with joy, "even now."
        He spake, and, trembling like an aspen-bough,
        Began to tear his scroll in pieces small,
        Uttering the while some mumblings funeral.
        He tore it into pieces small as snow
        That drifts unfeather'd when bleak northerns blow;
        And having done it, took his dark blue cloak
        And bound it round Endymion: then struck
        His wand against the empty air times nine.-
       "What more there is to do, young man, is thine:
        But first a little patience; first undo
        This tangled thread, and wind it to a clue.
        Ah, gentle! 'tis as weak as spider's skein;
        And shouldst thou break it- What, is it done so clean?
        A power overshadows thee! O, brave!
        The spite of hell is tumbling to its grave.
        Here is a shell; 'tis pearly blank to me,
        Nor mark'd with any sign or charactery-
        Canst thou read aught? O read for pity's sake!
        Olympus! we are safe! Now, Carian, break
        This wand against yon lyre on the pedestal."

          'Twas done: and straight with sudden swell and fall
        Sweet music breath'd her soul away, and sigh'd
        A lullaby to silence.- "Youth! now strew
        These minced leaves on me, and passing through
        Those files of dead, scatter the same around,
        And thou wilt see the issue."- 'Mid the sound
        Of flutes and viols, ravishing his heart,
        Endymion from Glaucus stood apart,
        And scatter'd in his face some fragments light.
        How lightning-swift the change! a youthful wight
        Smiling beneath a coral diadem,
        Out-sparkling sudden like an upturn'd gem,
        Appear'd, and, stepping to a beauteous corse,
        Kneel'd down beside it, and with tenderest force
        Press'd its cold hand, and wept,- and Scylla sigh'd!
        Endymion, with quick hand, the charm applied-
        The nymph arose: he left them to their joy,
        And onward went upon his high employ,
        Showering those powerful fragments on the dead.
        And, as he pass'd, each lifted up its head,
        As doth a flower at Apollo's touch.
        Death felt it to his inwards: 'twas too much:
        Death fell a weeping in his charnel-house.
        The Latmian persever'd along, and thus
        All were re-animated. There arose
        A noise of harmony, pulses and throes
        Of gladness in the air- while many, who
        Had died in mutual arms devout and true,
        Sprang to each other madly; and the rest
        Felt a high certainty of being blest.
        They gaz'd upon Endymion. Enchantment
        Grew drunken, and would have its head and bent.
        Delicious symphonies, like airy flowers,
        Budded, and swell'd, and, full-blown, shed full showers
        Of light, soft, unseen leaves of sounds divine.
        The two deliverers tasted a pure wine
        Of happiness, from fairy-press ooz'd out.
        Speechless they eyed each other, and about
        The fair assembly wander'd to and fro,
        Distracted with the richest overflow
        Of joy that ever pour'd from heaven.

                                              -"Away!"
        Shouted the new born god; "Follow, and pay
        Our piety to Neptunus supreme!"-
        Then Scylla, blushing sweetly from her dream,
        They led on first, bent to her meek surprise,
        Through portal columns of a giant size,
        Into the vaulted, boundless emerald.
        Joyous all follow'd as the leader call'd,
        Down marble steps; pouring as easily
        As hour-glass sand,- and fast, as you might see
        Swallows obeying the south summer's call,
        Or swans upon a gentle waterfall.

          Thus went that beautiful multitude, nor far,
        Ere from among some rocks of glittering spar,
        Just within ken, they saw descending thick
        Another multitude. Whereat more quick
        Moved either host. On a wide sand they met,
        And of those numbers every eye was wet;
        For each their old love found. A murmuring rose,
        Like what was never heard in all the throes
        Of wind and waters: 'tis past human wit
        To tell; 'tis dizziness to think of it.

          This mighty consummation made, the host
        Mov'd on for many a league; and gain'd, and lost
        Huge sea-marks; vanward swelling in array,
        And from the rear diminishing away,-
        Till a faint dawn surpris'd them. Glaucus cried,
       "Behold! behold, the palace of his pride!
        God Neptune's palaces!" With noise increas'd,
        They shoulder'd on towards that brightening east.
        At every onward step proud domes arose
        In prospect,- diamond gleams, and golden glows
        Of amber 'gainst their faces levelling.
        Joyous, and many as the leaves in spring,
        Still onward; still the splendour gradual swell'd.
        Rich opal domes were seen, on high upheld
        By jasper pillars, letting through their shafts
        A blush of coral. Copious wonder-draughts
        Each gazer drank; and deeper drank more near.
        For what poor mortals fragment up, as mere
        As marble was there lavish, to the vast
        Of one fair palace, that far far surpass'd,
        Even for common bulk, those olden three,
        Memphis, and Babylon, and Nineveh.

          As large, as bright, as colour'd as the bow
        Of Iris, when unfading it doth show
        Beyond a silvery shower, was the arch
        Through which this Paphian army took its march,
        Into the outer courts of Neptune's state:
        Whence could be seen, direct, a golden gate,
        To which the leaders sped; but not half raught
        Ere it burst open swift as fairy thought,
        And made those dazzled thousands veil their eyes
        Like callow eagles at the first sunrise.
        Soon with an eagle nativeness their gaze
        Ripe from hue-golden swoons took all the blaze,
        And then, behold! large Neptune on his throne
        Of emerald deep: yet not exalt alone;
        At his right hand stood winged Love, and on
        His left sat smiling Beauty's paragon.

          Far as the mariner on highest mast
        Can see all round upon the calmed vast,
        So wide was Neptune's hall: and as the blue
        Doth vault the waters, so the waters drew
        Their doming curtains, high, magnificent,
        Aw'd from the throne aloof;- and when storm-rent
        Disclos'd the thunder-gloomings in Jove's air;
        But sooth'd as now, flash'd sudden everywhere,
        Noiseless, sub-marine cloudlets, glittering
        Death to a human eye: for there did spring
        From natural west, and east, and south, and north,
        A light as of four sunsets, blazing forth
        A gold-green zenith 'bove the Sea-God's head.
        Of lucid depth the floor, and far outspread
        As breezeless lake, on which the slim canoe
        Of feather'd Indian darts about, as through
        The delicatest air: air verily,
        But for the portraiture of clouds and sky:
        This palace floor breath-air,- but for the amaze
        Of deep-seen wonders motionless,- and blaze
        Of the dome pomp, reflected in extremes,
        Globing a golden sphere.

                                    They stood in dreams
        Till Triton blew his horn. The palace rang;
        The Nereids danc'd; the Syrens faintly sang;
        And the great Sea-King bow'd his dripping head.
        Then Love took wing, and from his pinions shed
        On all the multitude a nectarous dew.
        The ooze-born Goddess beckoned and drew
        Fair Scylla and her guides to conference;
        And when they reach'd the throned eminence
        She kist the sea-nymph's cheek,- who sat her down
        A toying with the doves. Then,- "Mighty crown
        And sceptre of this kingdom!" Venus said,
       "Thy vows were on a time to Nais paid:
        Behold!"- Two copious tear-drops instant fell
        From the God's large eyes; he smil'd delectable,
        And over Glaucus held his blessing hands.-
       "Endymion! Ah! still wandering in the bands
        Of love? Now this is cruel. Since the hour
        I met thee in earth's bosom, all my power
        Have I put forth to serve thee. What, not yet
        Escap'd from dull mortality's harsh net?
        A little patience, youth! 'twill not be long,
        Or I am skilless quite: an idle tongue,
        A humid eye, and steps luxurious,
        Where these are new and strange, are ominous.
        Aye, I have seen these signs in one of heaven,
        When others were all blind: and were I given
        To utter secrets, haply I might say
        Some pleasant words:- but Love will have his day.
        So wait awhile expectant. Pr'ythee soon,
        Even in the passing of thine honey-moon,
        Visit thou my Cythera: thou wilt find
        Cupid well-natured, my Adonis kind;
        And pray persuade with thee- Ah, I have done,
        All blisses be upon thee, my sweet son!"-
        Thus the fair goddess: While Endymion
        Knelt to receive those accents halcyon.

          Meantime a glorious revelry began
        Before the Water-Monarch. Nectar ran
        In courteous fountains to all cups outreach'd;
        And plunder'd vines, teeming exhaustless, pleach'd
        New growth about each shell and pendent lyre;
        The which, in disentangling for their fire,
        Pull'd down fresh foliage and coverture
        For dainty toying. Cupid, empire-sure,
        Flutter'd and laugh'd, and oft-times through the throng
        Made a delightful way. Then dance, and song,
        And garlanding grew wild; and pleasure reign'd.
        In harmless tendril they each other chain'd,
        And strove who should be smother'd deepest in
        Fresh crush of leaves.

                                O 'tis a very sin
        For one so weak to venture his poor verse
        In such a place as this. O do not curse,
        High Muses! let him hurry to the ending.

          All suddenly were silent. A soft blending
        Of dulcet instruments came charmingly;
        And then a hymn.

                             "King of the stormy sea!
        Brother of Jove, and co-inheritor
        Of elements! Eternally before
        Thee the waves awful bow. Fast, stubborn rock,
        At thy fear'd trident shrinking, doth unlock
        Its deep foundations, hissing into foam.
        All mountain-rivers, lost in the wide home
        Of thy capacious bosom, ever flow.
        Thou frownest, and old AEeolus thy foe
        Skulks to his cavern, 'mid the gruff complaint
        Of all his rebel tempests. Dark clouds faint
        When, from thy diadem, a silver gleam
        Slants over blue dominion. Thy bright team
        Gulphs in the morning light, and scuds along
        To bring thee nearer to that golden song
        Apollo singeth, while his chariot
        Waits at the doors of heaven. Thou art not
        For scenes like this: an empire stern hast thou;
        And it hath furrow'd that large front: yet now,
        As newly come of heaven, dost thou sit
        To blend and interknit
        Subdued majesty with this glad time.
        O shell-borne King sublime!
        We lay our hearts before thee evermore-
        We sing, and we adore!

          "Breathe softly, flutes;
        Be tender of your strings, ye soothing lutes;
        Nor be the trumpet heard! O vain, O vain;
        Not flowers budding in an April rain,
        Nor breath of sleeping dove, nor river's flow,-
        No, nor the AEolian twang of Love's own bow,
        Can mingle music fit for the soft ear
        Of goddess Cytherea!
        Yet deign, white Queen of Beauty, thy fair eyes
        On our souls' sacrifice.

          "Bright-winged Child!
        Who has another care when thou hast smil'd?
        Unfortunates on earth, we see at last
        All death-shadows, and glooms that overcast
        Our spirits, fann'd away by thy light pinions.
        O sweetest essence! sweetest of all minions!
        God of warm pulses, and dishevell'd hair,
        And panting bosoms bare!
        Dear unseen light in darkness! eclipser
        Of light in light! delicious poisoner!
        Thy venom'd goblet will we quaff until
        We fill- we fill!
        And by thy Mother's lips-"

                                  Was heard no more
        For clamour, when the golden palace door
        Opened again, and from without, in shone
        A new magnificence. On oozy throne
        Smooth-moving came Oceanus the old,
        To take a latest glimpse at his sheep-fold,
        Before he went into his quiet cave
        To muse for ever- Then a lucid wave,
        Scoop'd from its trembling sisters of mid-sea,
        Afloat, and pillowing up the majesty
        Of Doris, and the AEgean seer, her spouse-
        Next, on a dolphin, clad in laurel boughs,
        Theban Amphion leaning on his lute:
        His fingers went across it- All were mute
        To gaze on Amphitrite, queen of pearls,
        And Thetis pearly too.-

                                 The palace whirls
        Around giddy Endymion; seeing he
        Was there far strayed from mortality.
        He could not bear it- shut his eyes in vain;
        Imagination gave a dizzier pain.
       "O I shall die! sweet Venus, be my stay!
        Where is my lovely mistress? Well-away!
        I die- I hear her voice- I feel my wing-"
        At Neptune's feet he sank. A sudden ring
        Of Nereids were about him, in kind strife
        To usher back his spirit into life:
        But still he slept. At last they interwove
        Their cradling arms, and purpos'd to convey
        Towards a crystal bower far away.

          Lo! while slow carried through the pitying crowd,
        To his inward senses these words spake aloud;
        Written in star-light on the dark above:
        Dearest Endymion! my entire love!
        How have I dwelt in fear of fate: 'tis done-
        Immortal bliss for me too hast thou won.
        Arise then! for the hen-dove shall not hatch
        Her ready eggs, before I'll kissing snatch
        Thee into endless heaven. Awake! awake!

          The youth at once arose: a placid lake
        Came quiet to his eyes; and forest green,
        Cooler than all the wonders he had seen,
        Lull'd with its simple song his fluttering breast.
        How happy once again in grassy nest!
                        BOOK IV.

        Muse of my native land! loftiest Muse!
        O first-born on the mountains! by the hues
        Of heaven on the spiritual air begot:
        Long didst thou sit alone in northern grot,
        While yet our England was a wolfish den;
        Before our forests heard the talk of men;
        Before the first of Druids was a child;-
        Long didst thou sit amid our regions wild
        Rapt in a deep prophetic solitude.
        There came an eastern voice of solemn mood
        Yet wast thou patient. Then sang forth the Nine,
        Apollo's garland:- yet didst thou divine
        Such home-bred glory, that they cry'd in vain,
       "Come hither, Sister of the Island!" Plain
        Spake fair Ausonia; and once more she spake
        A higher summons:- still didst thou betake
        Thee to thy native hopes. O thou hast won
        A full accomplishment! The thing is done,
        Which undone, these our latter days had risen
        On barren souls. Great Muse, thou know'st what prison,
        Of flesh and bone, curbs, and confines, and frets
        Our spirit's wings: despondency besets
        Our pillows; and the fresh to-morrow morn
        Seems to give forth its light in very scorn
        Of our dull, uninspired, snail-paced lives.
        Long have I said, how happy he who shrives
        To thee! But then I thought on poets gone,
        And could not pray:- nor could I now- so on
        I move to the end in lowliness of heart.-

          "Ah, woe is me! that I should fondly part
        From my dear native land! Ah, foolish maid!
        Glad was the hour, when, with thee, myriads bade
        Adieu to Ganges and their pleasant fields!
        To one so friendless the clear freshet yields
        A bitter coolness; the ripe grape is sour:
        Yet I would have, great gods! but one short hour
        Of native air- let me but die at home."

          Endymion to heaven's airy dome
        Was offering up a hecatomb of vows,
        When these words reach'd him. Whereupon he bows
        His head through thorny-green entanglement
        Of underwood, and to the sound is bent,
        Anxious as hind towards her hidden fawn.

          "Is no one near to help me? No fair dawn
        Of life from charitable voice? No sweet saying
        To set my dull and sadden'd spirit playing?
        No hand to toy with mine? No lips so sweet
        That I may worship them? No eyelids meet
        To twinkle on my bosom? No one dies
        Before me, till from these enslaving eyes
        Redemption sparkles!- I am sad and lost."

          Thou, Carian lord, hadst better have been tost
        Into a whirlpool. Vanish into air,
        Warm mountaineer! for canst thou only bear
        A woman's sigh alone and in distress?
        See not her charms! Is Phoebe passionless?
        Phoebe is fairer far- O gaze no more:-
        Yet if thou wilt behold all beauty's store,
        Behold her panting in the forest grass!
        Do not those curls of glossy jet surpass
        For tenderness the arms so idly lain
        Amongst them? Feelest not a kindred pain,
        To see such lovely eyes in swimming search
        After some warm delight, that seems to perch
        Dovelike in the dim cell lying beyond
        Their upper lids?- Hist!

                                   "O for Hermes' wand,
        To touch this flower into human shape!
        That woodland Hyacinthus could escape
        From his green prison, and here kneeling down
        Call me his queen, his second life's fair crown!
        Ah me, how I could love!- My soul doth melt
        For the unhappy youth- Love! I have felt
        So faint a kindness, such a meek surrender
        To what my own full thoughts had made too tender,
        That but for tears my life had fled away!-
        Ye deaf and senseless minutes of the day,
        And thou, old forest, hold ye this for true,
        There is no lightning, no authentic dew
        But in the eye of love: there's not a sound,
        Melodious howsoever, can confound
        The heavens and earth in one to such a death
        As doth the voice of love: there's not a breath
        Will mingle kindly with the meadow air,
        Till it has panted round, and stolen a share
        Of passion from the heart!"-

                                        Upon a bough
        He leant, wretched. He surely cannot now
        Thirst for another love: O impious,
        That he can ever dream upon it thus!-
        Thought he, "Why am I not as are the dead,
        Since to a woe like this I have been led
        Through the dark earth, and through the wondrous sea?
        Goddess! I love thee not the less: from thee
        By Juno's smile I turn not- no, no, no-
        While the great waters are at ebb and flow.-
        I have a triple soul! O fond pretence-
        For both, for both my love is so immense,
        I feel my heart is cut for them in twain."

          And so he groan'd, as one by beauty slain.
        The lady's heart beat quick, and he could see
        Her gentle bosom heave tumultuously.
        He sprang from his green covert: there she lay,
        Sweet as a muskrose upon new-made hay;
        With all her limbs on tremble, and her eyes
        Shut softly up alive. To speak he tries.
       "Fair damsel, pity me! forgive that I
        Thus violate thy bower's sanctity!
        O pardon me, for I am full of grief-
        Grief born of thee, young angel! fairest thief!
        Who stolen hast away the wings wherewith
        I was to top the heavens. Dear maid, sith
        Thou art my executioner, and I feel
        Loving and hatred, misery and weal,
        Will in a few short hours be nothing to me,
        And all my story that much passion slew me;
        Do smile upon the evening of my days:
        And, for my tortur'd brain begins to craze,
        Be thou my nurse; and let me understand
        How dying I shall kiss that lilly hand.-
        Dost weep for me? Then should I be content.
        Scowl on, ye fates! until the firmament
        Outblackens Erebus, and the full-cavern'd earth
        Crumbles into itself. By the cloud girth
        Of Jove, those tears have given me a thirst
        To meet oblivion."- As her heart would burst
        The maiden sobb'd awhile, and then replied:
       "Why must such desolation betide
        As that thou speak'st of? Are not these green nooks
        Empty of all misfortune? Do the brooks
        Utter a gorgon voice? Does yonder thrush,
        Schooling its half-fledg'd little ones to brush
        About the dewy forest, whisper tales?-
        Speak not of grief, young stranger, or cold snails
        Will slime the rose to night. Though if thou wilt,
        Methinks 'twould be a guilt- a very guilt-
        Not to companion thee, and sigh away
        The light- the dusk- the dark- till break of day!"
       "Dear lady," said Endymion, "'tis past:
        I love thee! and my days can never last.
        That I may pass in patience still speak:
        Let me have music dying, and I seek
        No more delight- I bid adieu to all.
        Didst thou not after other climates call,
        And murmur about Indian streams?"- Then she,
        Sitting beneath the midmost forest tree,
        For pity sang this roundelay-

             "O Sorrow,
              Why dost borrow
        The natural hue of health, from vermeil lips?-
              To give maiden blushes
              To the white rose bushes?
        Or is't thy dewy hand the daisy tips?

             "O Sorrow,
              Why dost borrow
        The lustrous passion from a falcon-eye?-
              To give the glow-worm light?
              Or, on a moonless night,
        To tinge, on syren shores, the salt sea-spry

             "O Sorrow,
              Why dost borrow
        The mellow ditties from a mourning tongue?-
              To give at evening pale
              Unto the nightingale,
        That thou mayst listen the cold dews among?

             "O Sorrow,
              Why dost borrow
        Heart's lightness from the merriment of May?-
              A lover would not tread
              A cowslip on the head,
        Though he should dance from eve till peep of day-
              Nor any drooping flower
              Held sacred for thy bower,
        Wherever he may sport himself and play.

             "To Sorrow,
              I bade good-morrow,
        And thought to leave her far away behind;
              But cheerly, cheerly,
              She loves me dearly;
        She is so constant to me, and so kind:
              I would deceive her
              And so leave her,
        But ah! she is so constant and so kind.

       "Beneath my palm trees, by the river side,
        I sat a weeping: in the whole world wide
        There was no one to ask me why I wept,-
              And so I kept
        Brimming the water-lilly cups with tears
              Cold as my fears.

       "Beneath my palm trees, by the river side,
        I sat a weeping: what enamour'd bride,
        Cheated by shadowy wooer from the clouds,
              But hides and shrouds
        Beneath dark palm trees by a river side?

       "And as I sat, over the light blue hills
        There came a noise of revellers: the rills
        Into the wide stream came of purple hue-
              'Twas Bacchus and his crew!
        The earnest trumpet spake, and silver thrills
        From kissing cymbals made a merry din-
              'Twas Bacchus and his kin!
        Like to a moving vintage down they came,
        Crown'd with green leaves, and faces all on flame;
        All madly dancing through the pleasant valley,
              To scare thee, Melancholy!
        O then, O then, thou wast a simple name!
        And I forgot thee, as the berried holly
        By shepherds is forgotten, when, in June,
        Tall chesnuts keep away the sun and moon:-
              I rush'd into the folly!

       "Within his car, aloft, young Bacchus stood,
        Trifling his ivy-dart, in dancing mood,
              With sidelong laughing;
        And little rills of crimson wine imbrued
        His plump white arms, and shoulders, enough white
              For Venus' pearly bite:
        And near him rode Silenus on his ass,
        Pelted with flowers as he on did pass
              Tipsily quaffing.

       "Whence came ye, merry Damsels! whence came ye!
        So many, and so many, and such glee?
        Why have ye left your bowers desolate,
              Your lutes and gentler fate?-
       'We follow Bacchus! Bacchus on the wing,
              A conquering!
        Bacchus, young Bacchus! good or ill betide,
        We dance before him thorough kingdoms wide
        Come hither, lady fair, and joined be
              To our wild minstrelsy!'

       "Whence came ye, jolly Satyrs! whence came ye!
        So many, and so many, and such glee?
        Why have ye left your forest haunts, why left
              Your nuts in oak-tree cleft?-
       'For wine, for wine we left our kernel tree;
        For wine we left our heath, and yellow brooms,
              And cold mushrooms;
        For wine we follow Bacchus through the earth;
        Great God of breathless cups and chirping mirth!-
        Come hither, lady fair, and joined be
              To our mad minstrelsy!'

       "Over wide streams and mountains great we went,
        And, save when Bacchus kept his ivy tent,
        Onward the tiger and the leopard pants,
              With Asian elephants:
        Onward these myriads- with song and dance,
        With zebras striped, and sleek Arabians' prance,
        Web-footed alligators, crocodiles,
        Bearing upon their scaly backs, in files,
        Plump infant laughers mimicking the coil
        Of seamen, and stout galley-rowers' toil:
        With toying oars and silken sails they glide,
              Nor care for wind and tide.

       "Mounted on panthers' furs and lions' manes,
        From rear to van they scour about the plains;
        A three days' journey in a moment done:
        And always, at the rising of the sun,
        About the wilds they hunt with spear and horn,
              On spleenful unicorn.

       "I saw Osirian Egypt kneel adown
              Before the vine-wreath crown!
        I saw parch'd Abyssinia rouse and sing
              To the silver cymbals' ring!
        I saw the whelming vintage hotly pierce
              Old Tartary the fierce!
        The kings of Inde their jewel-sceptres vail,
        And from their treasures scatter pearled hail;
        Great Brahma from his mystic heaven groans,
              And all his priesthood moans;
        Before young Bacchus' eye-wink turning pale.-
        Into these regions came I following him,
        Sick hearted, weary- so I took a whim
        To stray away into these forests drear
              Alone, without a peer:
        And I have told thee all thou mayest hear.

             "Young stranger!
              I've been a ranger
        In search of pleasure throughout every clime:
              Alas, 'tis not for me!
              Bewitch'd I sure must be,
        To lose in grieving all my maiden prime.

             "Come then, Sorrow!
              Sweetest Sorrow!
        Like an own babe I nurse thee on my breast:
              I thought to leave thee
              And deceive thee,
        But now of all the world I love thee best.

             "There is not one,
              No, no, not one
        But thee to comfort a poor lonely maid;
              Thou art her mother,
              And her brother,
        Her playmate, and her wooer in the shade."

          O what a sigh she gave in finishing,
        And look, quite dead to every worldly thing!
        Endymion could not speak, but gazed on her;
        And listened to the wind that now did stir
        About the crisped oaks full drearily,
        Yet with as sweet a softness as might be
        Remember'd from its velvet summer song.
        At last he said: "Poor lady, how thus long
        Have I been able to endure that voice?
        Fair Melody! kind Syren! I've no choice;
        I must be thy sad servant evermore:
        I cannot choose but kneel here and adore.
        Alas, I must not think- by Phoebe, no!
        Let me not think, soft Angel! shall it be so?
        Say, beautifullest, shall I never think?
        O thou could'st foster me beyond the brink
        Of recollection! make my watchful care
        Close up its bloodshot eyes, nor see despair!
        Do gently murder half my soul, and
        Shall feel the other half so utterly!-
        I'm giddy at that cheek so fair and smooth;
        O let it blush so ever! let it soothe
        My madness! let it mantle rosy-warm
        With the tinge of love, panting in safe alarm.-
        This cannot be thy hand, and yet it is;
        And this is sure thine other softling- this
        Thine own fair bosom, and I am so near!
        Wilt fall asleep? O let me sip that tear!
        And whisper one sweet word that I may know
        This is this world- sweet dewy blossom!"- Woe!
        Woe! Woe to that Endymion! Where is he?-
        Even these words went echoing dismally
        Through the wide forest- a most fearful tone,
        Like one repenting in his latest moan;
        And while it died away a shade pass'd by,
        As of a thunder cloud. When arrows fly
        Through the thick branches, poor ring-doves sleek forth
        Their timid necks and tremble; so these both
        Leant to each other trembling, and sat so
        Waiting for some destruction- when lo,
        Foot-feather'd Mercury appear'd sublime
        Beyond the tall tree tops; and in less time
        Than shoots the slanted hail-storm, down he dropt
        Towards the ground; but rested not, nor stopt
        One moment from his home: only the sward
        He with his wand light touch'd, and heavenward
        Swifter than sight was gone- even before
        The teeming earth a sudden witness bore
        Of his swift magic. Diving swans appear
        Above the crystal circlings white and clear;
        And catch the cheated eye in wide surprise,
        How they can dive in sight and unseen rise-
        So from the turf outsprang two steeds jet-black,
        Each with large dark blue wings upon his back.
        The youth of Caria plac'd the lovely dame
        On one, and felt himself in spleen to tame
        The other's fierceness. Through the air they flew,
        High as the eagles. Like two drops of dew
        Exhal'd to Phoebus' lips, away they are gone,
        Far from the earth away- unseen, alone,
        Among cool clouds and winds, but that the free,
        The buoyant life of song can floating be
        Above their heads, and follow them untir'd.-
        Muse of my native land, am I inspir'd?
        This is the giddy air, and I must spread
        Wide pinions to keep here; nor do I dread
        Or height, or depth, or width, or any chance
        Precipitous: I have beneath my glance
        Those towering horses and their mournful freight.
        Could I thus sail, and see, and thus await
        Fearless for power of thought, without thine aid?-

          There is a sleepy dusk, an odorous shade
        From some approaching wonder, and behold
        Those winged steeds, with snorting nostrils bold
        Snuff at its faint extreme, and seem to tire,
          Dying to embers from their native fire!

          There curl'd a purple mist around them; soon,
        It seem'd as when around the pale new moon
        Sad Zephyr droops the clouds like weeping willow:
        'Twas Sleep slow journeying with head on pillow.
        For the first time, since he came nigh dead born
        From the old womb of night, his cave forlorn
        Had he left more forlorn; for the first time,
        He felt aloof the day and morning's prime-
        Because into his depth Cimmerian
        There came a dream, showing how a young man,
        Ere a lean bat could plump its wintery skin,
        Would at high Jove's empyreal footstool win
        An immortality, and how espouse
        Jove's daughter, and be reckon'd of his house.
        Now was he slumbering towards heaven's gate,
        That he might at the threshold one hour wait
        To hear the marriage melodies, and then
        Sink downward to his dusky cave again.
        His litter of smooth semilucent mist,
        Diversely ting'd with rose and amethyst,
        Puzzled those eyes that for the centre sought;
        And scarcely for one moment could be caught
        His sluggish form reposing motionless.
        Those two on winged steeds, with all the stress
        Of vision search'd for him, as one would look
        Athwart the sallows of a river nook
        To catch a glance at silver-throated eels,-
        Or from old Skiddaw's top, when fog conceals
        His rugged forehead in a mantle pale,
        With an eye-guess towards some pleasant vale
        Descry a favourite hamlet faint and far.

          These raven horses, though they foster'd are
        Of earth's splenetic fire, dully drop
        Their full-vein'd ears, nostrils blood wide, and stop;
        Upon the spiritless mist have they outspread
        Their ample feathers, are in slumber dead,-
        And on those pinions, level in mid air,
        Endymion sleepeth and the lady fair.
        Slowly they sail, slowly as icy isle
        Upon a calm sea drifting: and meanwhile
        The mournful wanderer dreams. Behold! he walks
        On heaven's pavement; brotherly he talks
        To divine powers: from his hand full fain
        Juno's proud birds are pecking pearly grain:
        He tries the nerve of Phoebus' golden bow,
        And asketh where the golden apples grow:
        Upon his arm he braces Pallas' shield,
        And strives in vain to unsettle and wield
        A Jovian thunderbolt: arch Hebe brings
        A full-brimm'd goblet, dances lightly, sings
        And tantalizes long; at last he drinks,
        And lost in pleasure at her feet he sinks,
        Touching with dazzled lips her starlight hand.
        He blows a bugle,- an ethereal band
        Are visible above: the Seasons four,-
        Green-kyrtled Spring, flush Summer, golden store
        In Autumn's sickle, Winter frosty hoar,
        Join dance with shadowy Hours; while still the blast
        In swells unmitigated, still doth last
        To sway their floating morris. "Whose is this?
        Whose bugle?" he inquires; they smile- "O Dis!
        Why is this mortal here? Dost thou not know
        Its mistress' lips? Not thou?- 'Tis Dian's: lo!
        She rises crescented!" He looks, 'tis she,
        His very goddess; good-bye earth, and sea,
        And air, and pains, and care, and suffering;
        Good-bye to all but love! Then doth he spring
        Towards her, and awakes- and, strange, o'erhead,
        Of those same fragrant exhalations bred,
        Beheld awake his very dream: the gods
        Stood smiling; merry Hebe laughs and nods;
        And Phoebe bends towards him crescented.
        O state perplexing! On the pinion bed,
        Too well awake, he feels the panting side
        Of his delicious lady. He who died
        For soaring too audacious in the sun,
        When that same treacherous wax began to run,
        Felt not more tongue-tied than Endymion.
        His heart leapt up as to its rightful throne,
        To that fair shadow'd passion puls'd its way-
        Ah, what perplexity! Ah, well a day!
        So fond, so beauteous was his bed-fellow,
        He could not help but kiss her: then he grew
        Awhile forgetful of all beauty save
        Young Phoebe's, golden hair'd; and so 'gan crave
        Forgiveness: yet he turn'd once more to look
        At the sweet sleeper,- all his soul was shook,-
        She press'd his hand in slumber; so once more
        He could not help but kiss her and adore.
        At this the shadow wept, melting away.
        The Latmian started up: "Bright goddess, stay!
        Search my most hidden breast! By truth's own tongue,
        I have no daedale heart: why is it wrung
        To desperation? Is there nought for me,
        Upon the bourne of bliss, but misery?"

          These words awoke the stranger of dark tresses:
        Her dawning love-look rapt Endymion blesses
        With 'haviour soft. Sleep yawn'd from underneath.
       "Thou swan of Ganges, let us no more breathe
        This murky phantasm! thou contented seem'st
        Pillow'd in lovely idleness, nor dream'st
        What horrors may discomfort thee and me.
        Ah, shouldst thou die from my heart-treachery!-
        Yet did she merely weep- her gentle soul
        Hath no revenge in it: as it is whole
        In tenderness, would I were whole in love!
        Can I prize thee, fair maid, all price above,
        Even when I feel as true as innocence?
        I do, I do.- What is this soul then? Whence
        Came it? It does not seem my own, and I
        Have no self-passion or identity.
        Some fearful end must be: where, where is it?
        By Nemesis, I see my spirit flit
        Alone about the dark- Forgive me, sweet:
        Shall we away?" He rous'd the steeds: they beat
        Their wings chivalrous into the clear air,
        Leaving old Sleep within his vapoury lair.

          The good-night blush of eve was waning slow,
        And Vesper, risen star, began to throe
        In the dusk heavens silverly, when they
        Thus sprang direct towards the Galaxy.
        Nor did speed hinder converse soft and strange-
        Eternal oaths and vows they interchange,
        In such wise, in such temper, so aloof
        Up in the winds, beneath a starry roof,
        So witless of their doom, that verily
        'Tis well nigh past man's search their hearts to see;
        Whether they wept, or laugh'd, or griev'd, or toy'd-
        Most like with joy gone mad, with sorrow cloy'd.

          Full facing their swift flight, from ebon streak,
        The moon put forth a little diamond peak,
        No bigger than an unobserved star,
        Or tiny point of fairy scymetar;
        Bright signal that she only stoop'd to tie
        Her silver sandals, ere deliciously
        She bow'd into the heavens her timid head.
        Slowly she rose, as though she would have fled,
        While to his lady meek the Carian turn'd,
        To mark if her dark eyes had yet discern'd
        This beauty in its birth- Despair! despair!
        He saw her body fading gaunt and spare
        In the cold moonshine. Straight he seiz'd her wrist;
        It melted from his grasp: her hand he kiss'd,
        And, horror! kiss'd his own- he was alone.
        Her steed a little higher soar'd, and then
        Dropt hawkwise to the earth.

                                    There lies a den,
        Beyond the seeming confines of the space
        Made for the soul to wander in and trace
        Its own existence, of remotest glooms.
        Dark regions are around it, where the tombs
        Of buried griefs the spirit sees, but scarce
        One hour doth linger weeping, for the pierce
        Of new-born woe it feels more inly smart:
        And in these regions many a venom'd dart
        At random flies; they are the proper home
        Of every ill: the man is yet to come
        Who hath not journeyed in this native hell.
        But few have ever felt how calm and well
        Sleep may be had in that deep den of all.
        There anguish does not sting; nor pleasure pall:
        Woe-hurricanes beat ever at the gate,
        Yet all is still within and desolate.
        Beset with plainful gusts, within ye hear
        No sound so loud as when on curtain'd bier
        The death-watch tick is stifled. Enter none
        Who strive therefore: on the sudden it is won.
        Just when the sufferer begins to burn,
        Then it is free to him; and from an urn,
        Still fed by melting ice, he takes a draught-
        Young Semele such richness never quaft
        In her maternal longing! Happy gloom!
        Dark Paradise! where pale becomes the bloom
        Of health by due; where silence dreariest
        Is most articulate; where hopes infest;
        Where those eyes are the brightest far that keep
        Their lids shut longest in a dreamless sleep.
        O happy spirit- home! O wondrous soul!
        Pregnant with such a den to save the whole
        In thine own depth. Hail, gentle Carian!
        For, never since thy griefs and woes began,
        Hast thou felt so content: a grievous feud
        Hath led thee to this Cave of Quietude.
        Aye, his lull'd soul was there, although upborne
        With dangerous speed: and so he did not mourn
        Because he knew not whither he was going.
        So happy was he, not the aerial blowing
        Of trumpets at clear parley from the east
        Could rouse from that fine relish, that high feast.
        They stung the feather'd horse: with fierce alarm
        He flapp'd towards the sound. Alas, no charm
        Could lift Endymion's head, or he had view'd
        A skyey mask, a pinion'd multitude,-
        And silvery was its passing: voices sweet
        Warbling the while as if to lull and greet
        The wanderer in his path. Thus warbled they,
        While past the vision went in bright array.

          "Who, who from Dian's feast would be away?
        For all the golden bowers of the day
        Are empty left? Who, who away would be
        From Cynthia's wedding and festivity?
        Not Hesperus: lo! upon his silver wings
        He leans away for highest heaven and sings,
        Snapping his lucid fingers merrily!-
        Ah, Zephyrus! art here, and Flora too!
        Ye tender bibbers of the rain and dew,
        Young playmates of the rose and daffodil,
        Be careful, ere ye enter in, to fill
              Your baskets high
        With fennel green, and balm, and golden pines,
        Savory, latter-mint, and columbines,
        Cool parsley, basil sweet, and sunny thyme;
        Yea, every flower and leaf of every clime,
        All gather'd in the dewy morning: hie
              Away! fly, fly!-
        Crystalline brother of the belt of heaven,
        Aquarius! to whom king Jove has given
        Two liquid pulse streams 'stead of feather'd wings,
        Two fan-like fountains,- thine illuminings
              For Dian play:
        Dissolve the frozen purity of air;
        Let thy white shoulders silvery and bare
        Show cold through water pinions; make more bright
        The Star-Queen's crescent on her marriage night:
              Haste, haste away!-
        Castor has tamed the planet Lion, see!
        And of the Bear has Pollux mastery:
        A third is in the race! who is the third
        Speeding away swift as the eagle bird?
              The ramping Centaur!
        The Lion's mane's on end: the Bear how fierce!
        The Centaur's arrow ready seems to pierce
        Some enemy: far forth his bow is bent
        Into the blue of heaven. He'll be shent,
              Pale unrelentor,
        When he shall hear the wedding lutes a playing.-
        Andromeda! sweet woman! why delaying
        So timidly among the stars: come hither!
        Join this bright throng, and nimbly follow whither
              They all are going.
        Danae's Son, before Jove newly bow'd,
        Has wept for thee, calling to Jove aloud.
        Thee, gentle lady, did he disenthral:
        Ye shall for ever live and love, for all
              Thy tears are flowing.-
        By Daphne's fright, behold Apollo!-"

                                             More
        Endymion heard not: down his steed him bore,
        Prone to the green head of a misty hill.

          His first touch of the earth went nigh to kill.
       "Alas!" said he, "were I but always borne
        Through dangerous winds, had but my footsteps worn
        A path in hell, for ever would I bless
        Horrors which nourish an uneasiness
        For my own sullen conquering: to him
        Who lives beyond earth's boundary, grief is dim,
        Sorrow is but a shadow: now I see
        The grass; I feel the solid ground- Ah, me!
        It is thy voice- divinest! Where?- who? who
        Left thee so quiet on this bed of dew?
        Behold upon this happy earth we are;
        Let us aye love each other; let us fare
        On forest-fruits, and never, never go
        Among the abodes of mortals here below,
        Or be by phantoms duped. O destiny!
        Into a labyrinth now my soul would fly,
        But with thy beauty will I deaden it.
        Where didst thou melt to? By thee will I sit
        For ever: let our fate stop here- a kid
        I on this spot will offer: Pan will bid
        Us live in peace, in love and peace among
        His forest wildernesses. I have clung
        To nothing, lov'd a nothing, nothing seen
        Or felt but a great dream! O I have been
        Presumptuous against love, against the sky,
        Against all elements, against the tie
        Of mortals each to each, against the blooms
        Of flowers, rush of rivers, and the tombs
        Of heroes gone! Against his proper glory
        Has my own soul conspired: so my story
        Will I to children utter, and repent.
        There never liv'd a mortal man, who bent
        His appetite beyond his natural sphere,
        But starv'd and died. My sweetest Indian, here,
        Here will I kneel, for thou redeemed hast
        My life from too thin breathing: gone and past
        Are cloudy phantasms. Caverns lone, farewell!
        And air of visions, and the monstrous swell
        Of visionary seas! No, never more
        Shall airy voices cheat me to the shore
        Of tangled wonder, breathless and aghast.
        Adieu, my daintiest Dream! although so vast
        My love is still for thee. The hour may come
        When we shall meet in pure elysium.
        On earth I may not love thee; and therefore
        Doves will I offer up, and sweetest store
        All through the teeming year: so thou wilt shine
        On me, and on this damsel fair of mine,
        And bless our silver lives. My Indian bliss!
        My river-lilly bud! one human kiss!
        One sigh of real breath- one gentle squeeze,
        Warm as a dove's nest among summer trees,
        And warm with dew at ooze from living blood!
        Whither didst melt? Ah, what of that!- all good
        We'll talk about- no more of dreaming.- Now,
        Where shall our dwelling be? Under the brow
        Of some steep mossy hill, where ivy dun
        Would hide us up, although spring leaves were none;
        And where dark yew trees, as we rustle through,
        Will drop their scarlet berry cups of dew?
        O thou wouldst joy to live in such a place;
        Dusk for our loves, yet light enough to grace
        Those gentle limbs on mossy bed reclin'd:
        For by one step the blue sky shouldst thou find,
        And by another, in deep dell below,
        See, through the trees, a little river go
        All in its mid-day gold and glimmering.
        Honey from out the gnarled hive I'll bring,
        And apples, wan with sweetness, gather thee,-
        Cresses that grow where no man may them see,
        And sorrel untorn by the dew-claw'd stag:
        Pipes will I fashion of the syrinx flag,
        That thou mayst always know whither I roam,
        When it shall please thee in our quiet home
        To listen and think of love. Still let me speak;
        Still let me dive into the joy I seek,-
        For yet the past doth prison me. The rill,
        Thou haply mayst delight in, will I fill
        With fairy fishes from the mountain tarn,
        And thou shalt feed them from the squirrel's barn.
        Its bottom will I strew with amber shells,
        And pebbles blue from deep enchanted wells.
        Its sides I'll plant with dew-sweet eglantine,
        And honeysuckles full of clear bee-wine.
        I will entice this crystal rill to trace
        Love's silver name upon the meadow's face.
        I'll kneel to Vesta, for a flame of fire;
        And to god Phoebus, for a golden lyre;
        To Empress Dian, for a hunting spear;
        To Vesper, for a taper silver-clear,
        That I may see thy beauty through the night;
        To Flora, and a nightingale shall light
        Tame on thy finger; to the River-gods,
        And they shall bring thee taper fishing-rods
        Of gold, and lines of Naiads' long bright tress.
        Heaven shield thee for thine utter loveliness!
        Thy mossy footstool shall the altar be
        'Fore which I'll bend, bending, dear love, to thee:
        Those lips shall be my Delphos, and shall speak
        Laws to my footsteps, colour to my cheek,
        Trembling or stedfastness to this same voice,
        And of three sweetest pleasurings the choice:
        And that affectionate light, those diamond things,
        Those eyes, those passions, those supreme pearl springs,
        Shall be my grief, or twinkle me to pleasure.
        Say, is not bliss within our perfect seisure?
        O that I could not doubt!"

                                       The mountaineer
        Thus strove by fancies vain and crude to clear
        His briar'd path to some tranquillity.
        It gave bright gladness to his lady's eye,
        And yet the tears she wept were tears of sorrow;
        Answering thus, just as the golden morrow
        Beam'd upward from the vallies of the east:
       "O that the flutter of this heart had ceas'd,
        Or the sweet name of love had pass'd away.
        Young feather'd tyrant! by a swift decay
        Wilt thou devote this body to the earth:
        And I do think that at my very birth
        I lisp'd thy blooming titles inwardly;
        For at the first, first dawn and thought of thee,
        With uplift hands I blest the stars of heaven.
        Art thou not cruel? Ever have I striven
        To think thee kind, but ah, it will not do!
        When yet a child, I heard that kisses drew
        Favour from thee, and so I kisses gave
        To the void air, bidding them find out love:
        But when I came to feel how far above
        All fancy, pride, and fickle maidenhood,
        All earthly pleasure, all imagin'd good,
        Was the warm tremble of a devout kiss,-
        Even then, that moment, at the thought of this,
        Fainting I fell into a bed of flowers,
        And languish'd there three days. Ye milder powers,
        Am I not cruelly wrong'd? Believe, believe
        Me, dear Endymion, were I to weave
        With my own fancies garlands of sweet life,
        Thou shouldst be one of all. Ah, bitter strife!
        I may not be thy love: I am forbidden-
        Indeed I am- thwarted, affrighted, chidden,
        By things I trembled at, and gorgon wrath.
        Twice hast thou ask'd whither I went: henceforth
        Ask me no more! I may not utter it,
        Nor may I be thy love. We might commit
        Ourselves at once to vengeance; we might die;
        We might embrace and die: voluptuous thought!
        Enlarge not to my hunger, or I'm caught
        In trammels of perverse deliciousness.
        No, no, that shall not be: thee will I bless,
        And bid a long adieu."

                                 The Carian
        No word return'd: both lovelorn, silent, wan,
        Into the vallies green together went.
        Far wandering, they were perforce content
        To sit beneath a fair lone beechen tree;
        Nor at each other gaz'd, but heavily
        Por'd on its hazle cirque of shedded leaves.

          Endymion! unhappy! it nigh grieves
        Me to behold thee thus in last extreme:
        Ensky'd ere this, but truly that I deem
        Truth the best music in a first-born song.
        Thy lute-voic'd brother will I sing ere long,
        And thou shalt aid- hast thou not aided me?
        Yes, moonlight Emperor! felicity
        Has been thy meed for many thousand years;
        Yet often have I, on the brink of tears,
        Mourn'd as if yet thou wert a forester;-
        Forgetting the old tale.

                                  He did not stir
        His eyes from the dead leaves, or one small pulse
        Of joy he might have felt. The spirit culls
        Unfaded amaranth, when wild it strays
        Through the old garden-ground of boyish days.
        A little onward ran the very stream
        By which he took his first soft poppy dream;
        And on the very bark 'gainst which he leant
        A crescent he had carv'd, and round it spent
        His skill in little stars. The teeming tree
        Had swollen and green'd the pious charactery,
        But not ta'en out. Why, there was not a slope
        Up which he had not fear'd the antelope;
        And not a tree, beneath whose rooty shade
        He had not with his tamed leopards play'd:
        Nor could an arrow light, or javelin,
        Fly in the air where his had never been-
        And yet he knew it not.

                                 O treachery!
        Why does his lady smile, pleasing her eye
        With all his sorrowing? He sees her not.
        But who so stares on him? His sister sure!
        Peona of the woods!- Can she endure-
        Impossible- how dearly they embrace!
        His lady smiles; delight is in her face;
        It is no treachery.

                           "Dear brother mine!
        Endymion, weep not so! Why shouldst thou pine
        When all great Latmos so exalt will be?
        Thank the great gods, and look not bitterly;
        And speak not one pale word, and sigh no more.
        Sure I will not believe thou hast such store
        Of grief, to last thee to my kiss again.
        Thou surely canst not bear a mind in pain,
        Come hand in hand with one so beautiful.
        Be happy both of you! for I will pull
        The flowers of autumn for your coronals.
        Pan's holy priest for young Endymion calls;
        And when he is restor'd, thou, fairest dame,
        Shalt be our queen. Now, is it not a shame
        To see ye thus,- not very, very sad?
        Perhaps ye are too happy to be glad:
        O feel as if it were a common day;
        Free-voic'd as one who never was away.
        No tongue shall ask, whence come ye? but ye shall
        Be gods of your own rest imperial.
        Not even I, for one whole month, will pry
        Into the hours that have pass'd us by,
        Since in my arbour I did sing to thee.
        O Hermes! on this very night will be
        A hymning up to Cynthia, queen of light;
        For the soothsayers old saw yesternight
        Good visions in the air,- whence will befal,
        As say these sages, health perpetual
        To shepherds and their flocks; and furthermore,
        In Dian's face they read the gentle lore:
        Therefore for her these vesper-carols are.
        Our friends will all be there from nigh and far.
        Many upon thy death have ditties made;
        And many, even now, their foreheads shade
        With cypress, on a day of sacrifice.
        New singing for our maids shalt thou devise,
        And pluck the sorrow from our huntsmen's brows.
        Tell me, my lady-queen, how to espouse
        This wayward brother to his rightful joys!
        His eyes are on thee bent, as thou didst poize
        His fate most goddess-like. Help me, I pray,
        To lure- Endymion, dear brother, say
        What ails thee?" He could bear no more, and so
        Bent his soul fiercely like a spiritual bow,
        And twang'd it inwardly, and calmly said:
       "I would have thee my only friend, sweet maid!
        My only visitor! not ignorant though,
        That those deceptions which for pleasure go
        'Mong men, are pleasures real as real may be:
        But there are higher ones I may not see,
        If impiously an earthly realm I take.
        Since I saw thee, I have been wide awake
        Night after night, and day by day, until
        Of the empyrean I have drunk my fill.
        Let it content thee, Sister, seeing me
        More happy than betides mortality.
        A hermit young, I'll live in mossy cave,
        Where thou alone shalt come to me, and lave
        Thy spirit in the wonders I shall tell.
        Through me the shepherd realm shall prosper well;
        For to thy tongue will I all health confide.
        And, for my sake, let this young maid abide
        With thee as a dear sister. Thou alone,
        Peona, mayst return to me. I own
        This may sound strangely: but when, dearest girl,
        Thou seest it for my happiness, no pearl
        Will trespass down those cheeks. Companion fair!
        Wilt be content to dwell with her, to share
        This sister's love with me?" Like one resign'd
        And bent by circumstance, and thereby blind
        In self-commitment, thus that meek unknown:
       "Aye, but a buzzing by my ears has flown,
        Of jubilee to Dian:- truth I heard?
        Well then, I see there is no little bird,
        Tender soever, but is Jove's own care,
        Long have I sought for rest, and, unaware,
        Behold I find it! so exalted too!
        So after my own heart! I knew, I knew
        There was a place untenanted in it:
        In that same void white Chastity shall sit,
        And monitor me nightly to lone slumber.
        With sanest lips I vow me to the number
        Of Dian's sisterhood; and, kind lady,
        With thy good help, this very night shall see
        My future days to her fane consecrate."

          As feels a dreamer what doth most create
        His own particular fright, so these three felt:
        Or like one who, in after ages, knelt
        To Lucifer or Baal, when he'd pine
        After a little sleep: or when in mine
        Far under-ground, a sleeper meets his friends
        Who know him not. Each diligently bends
        Towards common thoughts and things for very fear;
        Striving their ghastly malady to cheer,
        By thinking it a thing of yes and no,
        That housewives talk of. But the spirit-blow
        Was struck, and all were dreamers. At the last
        Endymion said: "Are not our fates all cast?
        Why stand we here? Adieu, ye tender pair!
        Adieu!" Whereat those maidens, with wild stare,
        Walk'd dizzily away. Pained and hot
        His eyes went after them, until they got
        Near to a cypress grove, whose deadly maw,
        In one swift moment, would what then he saw
        Engulph for ever. "Stay!" he cried, "ah, stay!
        Turn, damsels! hist! one word I have to say.
        Sweet Indian, I would see thee once again.
        It is a thing I dote on: so I'd fain,
        Peona, ye should hand in hand repair
        Into those holy groves, that silent are
        Behind great Dian's temple. I'll be yon,
        At Vesper's earliest twinkle- they are gone-
        But once, once, once again-" At this he press'd
        His hands against his face, and then did rest
        His head upon a mossy hillock green,
        And so remain'd as he a corpse had been
        All the long day; save when he scantly lifted
        His eyes abroad, to see how shadows shifted
        With the slow move of time,- sluggish and weary
        Until the poplar tops, in journey dreary,
        Had reach'd the river's brim. Then up he rose,
        And, slowly as that very river flows,
        Walk'd towards the temple grove with this lament:
       "Why such a golden eve? The breeze is sent
        Careful and soft, that not a leaf may fall
        Before the serene father of them all
        Bows down his summer head below the west.
        Now am I of breath, speech, and speed possest,
        But at the setting I must bid adieu
        To her for the last time. Night will strew
        On the damp grass myriads of lingering leaves,
        And with them shall I die; nor much it grieves
        To die, when summer dies on the cold sward.
        Why, I have been a butterfly, a lord
        Of flowers, garlands, love-knots, silly posies,
        Groves, meadows, melodies, and arbour roses;
        My kingdom's at its death, and just it is
        That I should die with it: so in all this
        We miscall grief, bale, sorrow, heartbreak, woe,
        What is there to plain of? By Titan's foe
        I am but rightly serv'd." So saying, he
        Tripp'd lightly on, in sort of deathful glee;
        Laughing at the clear stream and setting sun,
        As though they jests had been: nor had he done
        His laugh at nature's holy countenance,
        Until that grove appear'd, as if perchance,
        And then his tongue with sober seemlihed
        Gave utterance as he enter'd: "Ha! I said,
        King of the butterflies; but by this gloom,
        And by old Rhadamanthus' tongue of doom,
        This dusk religion, pomp of solitude,
        And the Promethean clay by thief endued,
        By old Saturnus' forelock, by his head
        Shook with eternal palsy, I did wed
        Myself to things of light from infancy;
        And thus to be cast out, thus lorn to die,
        Is sure enough to make a mortal man
        Grow impious." So he inwardly began
        On things for which no wording can be found;
        Deeper and deeper sinking, until drown'd
        Beyond the reach of music: for the choir
        Of Cynthia he heard not, though rough briar
        Nor muffling thicket interpos'd to dull
        The vesper hymn, far swollen, soft and full,
        Through the dark pillars of those sylvan aisles.
        He saw not the two maidens, nor their smiles,
        Wan as primroses gather'd at midnight
        By chilly finger'd spring. "Unhappy wight!
        Endymion!" said Peona, "we are here!
        What wouldst thou ere we all are laid on bier?"
        Then he embrac'd her, and his lady's hand
        Press'd, saying: "Sister, I would have command,
        If it were heaven's will, on our sad fate."
        At which that dark-eyed stranger stood elate
        And said, in a new voice, but sweet as love,
        To Endymion's amaze: "By Cupid's dove,
        And so thou shalt! and by the lilly truth
        Of my own breast thou shalt, beloved youth!"
        And as she spake, into her face there came
        Light, as reflected from a silver flame:
        Her long black hair swell'd ampler, in display
        Full golden; in her eyes a brighter day
        Dawn'd blue and full of love. Aye, he beheld
        Phoebe, his passion! joyous she upheld
        Her lucid bow, continuing thus: "Drear, drear
        Has our delaying been; but foolish fear
        Withheld me first; and then decrees of fate;
        And then 'twas fit that from this mortal state
        Thou shouldst, my love, by some unlook'd for change
        Be spiritualiz'd. Peona, we shall range
        These forests, and to thee they safe shall be
        As was thy cradle; hither shalt thou flee
        To meet us many a time." Next Cynthia bright
        Peona kiss'd, and bless'd with fair good night:
        Her brother kiss'd her too, and knelt adown
        Before his goddess, in a blissful swoon.
        She gave her fair hands to him, and behold,
        Before three swiftest kisses he had told,
        They vanish'd far away!- Peona went
        Home through the gloomy wood in wonderment.

                        THE END


INTO MY OWN 

One of my wishes is that those dark trees, 
So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze, 
Were not, as 'twere, the merest mask of gloom, 
But stretched away unto the edge of doom. 

I should not be withheld but that some day 
Into their vastness I should steal away, 
Fearless of ever finding open land, 
Or highway where the slow wheel pours the sand. 

I do not see why I should e'er turn back, 
Or those should not set forth upon my track 
To overtake me, who should miss me hdre 
And long to know if still I held them dg&r. 

They would not find me changed from him they 

knew 
Only more sure of all I thought was true. 



GHOST HOUSE 

I dwell in a lonely house I know 

That vanished many a summer ago, 
And left no trace but the cellar walls, 
And a cellar in which the daylight falls, 

And the purple-stemmed wild raspberries grow. 

O'er ruined fences the grape-vines shield 
The woods come back to the mowing field; 
The orchard tree has grown one copse 
Of new wood and old where the woodpecker chops; 
The footpath down to the well is healed. 

I dwell with a strangely aching heart 

In that vanished abode there far apart 
On that disused and forgotten road 
That has no dust-bath now for the toad. 

Night comes; the black bats tumble and dart; 

The whippoorwill is coming to shout 
And hush and cluck and flutter about: 

I hear him begin far enough away 

Full many a time to say his say 
Before he arrives to say it out. 



THE PASTURE 

I'm going out to clean the pasture spring; 
I'll only stop to rake the leaves away 
(And wait to watch the water clear, I may): 
I sha'n't be gone long. You come too. 

I'm going out to fetch the little calf 
That's standing by the mother. It's so young. 
It totters when she licks it with her tongue. 
I sha'n't be gone long. You come too. 



INTO MY OWN 

One of my wishes is that those dark trees, 
So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze, 
Were not, as 'twere, the merest mask of gloom, 
But stretched away unto the edge of doom. 

I should not be withheld but that some day 
Into their vastness I should steal away, 
Fearless of ever finding open land, 
Or highway where the slow wheel pours the sand. 

I do not see why I should e'er turn back, 
Or those should not set forth upon my track 
To overtake me, who should miss me hdre 
And long to know if still I held them dg&r. 

They would not find me changed from him they 

knew 
Only more sure of all I thought was true. 



GHOST HOUSE 

I dwell in a lonely house I know 

That vanished many a summer ago, 
And left no trace but the cellar walls, 
And a cellar in which the daylight falls, 

And the purple-stemmed wild raspberries grow. 

O'er ruined fences the grape-vines shield 
The woods come back to the mowing field; 
The orchard tree has grown one copse 
Of new wood and old where the woodpecker chops; 
The footpath down to the well is healed. 

I dwell with a strangely aching heart 

In that vanished abode there far apart 
On that disused and forgotten road 
That has no dust-bath now for the toad. 

Night comes; the black bats tumble and dart; 

The whippoorwill is coming to shout 
And hush and cluck and flutter about: 

I hear him begin far enough away 

Full many a time to say his say 
Before he arrives to say it out. 



It is under the small, dim, summer star. 

\ know not who these mute folk are 
Who share the unlit place with me 
Those stones out under the low-limbed tree 

Doubtless bear names that the mosses mar. 

They are tireless folk, but slow and sad, 
Though two, close-keeping, are lass and lad, 
With none among them that ever sings, 
And yet, in view of how many things, 
rVs sweet companions as might be had. 



MY NOVEMBER GUEST 

JVly Sorrow, when she's here with me, 
Thinks these dark days of autumn rain 

Are beautiful as days can be; 

She loves the bare, the withered tree; 
She walks the sodden pasture lane. 

Her pleasure will not let me stay. 

She talks and I am fain to list: 
She's glad the birds are gone away, 
She's glad her simple worsted grey 

Is silver now with clinging mist. 

The desolate, deserted trees, 

The faded earth, the heavy sky, 
The beauties she so truly sees, 
She thinks I have no eye for these, 
And vexes me for reason why. 

Not yesterday I learned to know 
The love of bare November days 

Before the coming of the snow, 

But it were vain to tell her so, 

And they are better for her praise. 



TO THE THAWING WIND 

C^ome with rain, O loud Southwester! 

Bring the singer, bring the nester; 

Give the buried flower a dream; 

Make the settled snow-bank stream; 

Find the brown beneath the white; 

But whate'er you do to-night, 

Bathe my window, make it flow > 

Melt it as the ice will go; 

Melt the glass and leave the sticks 

Like a hermit's crucifix; 

Burst into my narrow stall; 

Swing the picture on the wall; 

Run the rattling pages o'er; 

Scatter poems on the floor; 

Turn the poet out of door. 



12 



A PRAYER IN SPRING 

Oh, give us pleasure in the flowers to-day; 
And give us not to think so far away 
As the uncertain harvest; keep us here 
All simply in the springing of the year. 

Oh, give us pleasure in the orchard white, 
Like nothing else by day, like ghosts by night; 
And make us happy in the happy bees, 
The swarm dilating round the perfect trees. 

And make us happy in the darting bird 
That suddenly above the bees is heard, 
The meteor that thrusts in with needle bill, 
And off a blossom in mid air stands still. 

For this is love and nothing else is love, 
The which it is reserved for God above 
To sanctify to what far ends He will, 
But which it only needs that we fulfil. 



13 



LOVE AND A QUESTION 

A Stranger came to the door at eve, 

And he spoke the bridegroom fair. 
He bore a green- white stick in his hand, 

And, for all burden, care. 
He asked with the eyes more than the lips 

For a shelter for the night, 
And he turned and looked at the road afar 

Without a window light. 

The bridegroom came forth into the porch 

With 'Let us look at the sky, 
And question what of the night to be, 

Stranger, you and I.' 
The woodbine leaves littered the yard, 

The woodbine berries were blue, 
Autumn, yes, winter 'was in the wind; 

* Stranger, I wish I knew.' 

Within, the bride in the dusk alone 

Bent over the open fire, 
Her face rose-red with the glowing coal 

And the thought of the heart's desire. 
The bridegroom, looked at the weary road, 

Yet saw but her within, 
And wished her heart in a case of gold 

And pinned with a silver pin. 



The bridegroom thought it little to give 

A dole of bread, a purse, 
A heartfelt prayer for the poor of God, 

Or for the rich a curse; 
But whether or not a man was asked 

To mar the love of two 
By harboring woe in the bridal house, 

The bridegroom wished he knew. 



STARS 

How countlessly they congregate 
O'er our tumultuous snow. 

Which flows in shapes as tall as trees 
"When wintry winds do blow! - 

As if with keenness for our fate, 
Our faltering few steps on 

To white rest, and a place of rest 
Invisible at dawn, 

And yet with neither love nor hate, 
Those stars like some snow-white 

Minerva's snow-white marble eyes 
Without the gift of sight. 



1C 



STORM FEAR 

\Vhen the wind works against us in the dark, 
And pelts with snow 
The lower chamber window on the east, 
And whispers with a sort of stifled bark, 
The beast, 

'Come out! Come outf- 
it costs no inward struggle not to go, 
Ah, no! 

I count our strength, 
Two and a child, 

Those of us not asleep subdued to mark 
How the cold creeps as the fire dies at length,- 
How drifts are piled, 
Dooryard and road ungraded, 
Till even the comforting barn grows far away, 
And my heart owns a doubt 
Whether 'tis in us to arise with day 
And save ourselves unaided. 



11 



TO THE THAWING WIND 



with rain, O loud South wester! 
Bring the singer, bring the nester; 
Give the buried flower a dream; 
Make the settled snow-bank stream; 
Find the brown beneath the white; 
But whatever you do to-night, 
Bathe my window, make it flow > 
Melt it as the ice will go; 
Melt the glass and leave the sticks 
Like a hermit's crucifix; 
Burst into my narrow stall; 
Swing the picture on the wall; 
Run the rattling pages o'er; 
Scatter poems on the floor; 
Turn the poet out of door. 



12 



A PRAYER IN SPRING 

Oh, give us pleasure in the flowers to-day; 
And give us not to think so far away 
As the uncertain harvest; keep us here 
All simply in the springing of the year. 

Oh, give us pleasure in the orchard white, 
Like nothing else by day, like ghosts by night; 
And make us happy in the happy bees, 
The swarm dilating round the perfect trees. 

And make us happy in the darting bird 
That suddenly above the bees is heard, 
The meteor that thrusts in with needle bill, 
And off a blossom in mid air stands still. 

For this is love and nothing else is love, 
The which it is reserved for God above 
To sanctify to what far ends He will, 
But which it only needs that we fulfil. 



13 



FLOWER-GATHERING 

1 left you in the morning, 

And in the morning glow, 

You walked a way beside me 

To make me sad to go. 

Do you know me in the gloaming, 

Gaunt and dusty grey with roaming? 

Are you dumb because you know me not, 

Or dumb because you know? 

All for me? And not a question 

For the faded flowers gay 

That could take me from beside you 

For the ages of a day? 

They are yours, and be the measure 

Of their worth for you to treasure, 

The measure of the little while 

That I've been long away. 



ROSE POGONIAS 

A saturated meadow, 

Sun-shaped and jewel-small, 
A circle scarcely wider 

Than the trees around were tall; 
Where winds were quite excluded, 

And the air was stifling sweet 
With the breath of many flowers, 

A temple of the heat. 

There we bowed us in the burning, 

As the sun's right worship is, 
To pick where none could miss them 

A thousand orchises; 
For though the grass was scattered, 

Yet every second spear 
Seemed tipped with wings of color, 

That tinged the atmosphere. 

We raised a simple prayer 

Before we left the spot, 
That in the general mowing 

That place might be forgot; 
Or if not all so favoured, 

Obtain such grace of hours, 
That none should mow the grass there 

While so confused with flowers. 



15 



WAITING 
AFIELD AT DUSK 

What things for dream there are when spectre-like, 

Moving among tall haycocks lightly piled, 

I enter alone upon the stubble field, 

From which the laborers' voices late have died, 

And in the antiphony of afterglow 

And rising full moon, sit me down 

Upon the full moon's side of the first haycock 

And lose myself amid so many alike. 

I dream upon the opposing lights of the hour, 
Preventing shadow until the moon prevail; 
I dream upon the night-hawks peopling heaven, 
Each circling each with vague unearthly cry, 
Or plunging headlong with fierce twang afar; 
And on the bat's mute antics, who would seem 
Dimly to have made out my secret place, 
Only to lose it when he pirouettes, 
And seek it endlessly with purblind haste; 
On the last swallow's sweep; and on the rasp 
In the abyss of odor and rustle at my back, 
That, silenced by my advent, finds once more, 
After an interval, his instrument, 
And tries once twice and thrice if I be there; 
And on the worn book of old-golden song 
I brought not here to read, it seems, but hold 

16 



And freshen in this air of withering sweetness; 

But on the memory of one absent most, 

For whom these lines when they shall greet her eye. 



17 



IN NEGLECT 



1 hey leave us so to the -way we took, 

As two in whom they were proved mistaken. 
That we sit sometimes in the wayside nook, 
With mischievous > vagrant, seraphic look, 
And try if we cannot feel forsaken. 



18 



THE VANTAGE POINT 

If tired of trees I seek again mankind, 

Well I know where to hie me in the dawn, 
To a slope where the cattle keep the lawn. 

There amid lolling juniper reclined, 

Myself unseen, I see in white defined fc 

Far off the homes of men, and farther still, 
The graves of men on an opposing hill, 

Living or dead, whichever are to mind. 

And if by noon I have too much of these, 
I have but to turn on my arm, and lo, 
The sun-burned hillside sets my face aglow, 

My breathing shakes the bluet like a breeze, 
I smell the earth, I smell the bruised plant, 
I look into the crater of the ant. 



19 



MOWING 

1 here was never a sound beside the wood but one, 
And that was my long scythe whispering to the 

ground. 

What was it it whispered? I knew not well myself; 
Perhaps it was something about the heat of the sun, 
Something, perhaps, about the lack of sound 
And that was why it whispered and did not speak. 
It was no dream of the gift of idle hours, 
Or easy gold at the hand of fay or elf: 
Anything more than the truth would have seemed 

too weak 

To the earnest love that laid the swale in rows, 
Not without feeble-pointed spikes of flowers 
(Pale orchises), and scared a bright green snake. 
The fact is the sweetest dream that labor knows. 
My long scythe whispered and left the hay to make. 



20 



GOING FOR WATER 

1 he well was dry beside the door, 
And so we went with pail and can 

Across the fields behind the house 
To seek the brook if still it ran; 

Not loth to have excuse to go, 
Because the autumn eve was fair 

(Though chill), because the fields were ours, 
And by the brook our woods were there. 

We ran as if to meet the moon 

That slowly dawned behind the trees, 

The barren boughs without the leaves, 
Without the birds, without the breeze. 

But once within the wood, we paused 
Like gnomes that hid us from the moon, 

Ready to run to hiding new 

With laughter when she found us soon. 

Each laid on other a staying hand 

To listen ere we dared to look, 
And in the hush we joined to make 

We heard, we knew we heard the brook. 



21 



A note as from a single place, 
A slender tinkling fall that made 

Now drops that floated on the pool 
Like pearls, and now a silver blade. 



22 



REVELATION 

\Ve make ourselves a place apart 

Behind light words that tease and flout, 

But oh, the agitated heart 

Till someone find us really out. 

'Tis pity if the case require 
(Or so we say) that in the end 

We speak the literal to inspire 
The understanding of a friend. 

But so with all, from babes that play 
At hide-and-seek to God afar, 

So all who hide too well away 

Must speak and tell us where they are. 



THE TUFT OF FLOWERS 

1 went to turn the grass once after one 
Who mowed it in the dew before the sun. 

The dew was gone that made his blade so keen 
Before I came to view the levelled scene. 

f looked for him behind an isle of trees; 
I listened for his whetstone on the breeze. 

But he had gone his way, the grass all mown, 
And I must be, as he had been, alone, 

'As all must be/ I said within my heart, 
'Whether they work together or apart/ 

But as I said it, swift there passed me by 
On noiseless wing a bewildered butterfly, 

Seeking with memories grown dim o'er night 
Some resting flower of yesterday's deKght. 

And once I marked his flight go round and round, 
As where some flower lay withering on the ground, 
i 

And then he flew as far as eye could see, 

And then on tremulous wing came back to me. 



I thought of questions that have no reply, 
And would have turned to toss the grass to dry; 

But he turned first, and led my eye to look 
At a tall tuft of flowers beside a brook, 

A leaping tongue of bloom the scythe had spared 
Beside a reedy brook the scythe had bared. 

I left my place to know them by their name, 
Finding them butterfly weed when I came. 

The mower in the dew had loved them thus, 
By leaving them to flourish, not for us, 

Nor yet to draw one thought of ours to him, 
But from sheer morning gladness at the brim. 

The butterfly and I had lit upon, 
Nevertheless, a message from the dawn, 

That made me hear the wakening birds around, 
And hear his long scythe whispering to the ground, 

And feel a spirit kindred to my own; 

So that henceforth I worked no more alone; 

But glad with him, I worked as with his aid, 
And weary, sought at noon with him the shade; 



And dreaming, as it were, held brotherly speech 
With one whose thought I had not hoped to reach. 

v Men work together/ I told him from the heart, 
'Whether they work together or apart.' 



.26 



THE DEMIURGE'S LAUGH 

It was far in the sameness of the wood; 

I was running with joy on the Demon's trail, 
Though I knew what I hunted was no true god. 

It was just as the light was beginning to fail 
That I suddenly heard all I needed to hear: 
It has lasted me many and many a year. 

The sound was behind me instead of before, 
A sleepy sound, but mocking half, 

As of one who utterly couldn't care. 

The Demon arose from his wallow to laugh, 

Brushing the dirt from his eye as he went; 

And well I knew what the Demon meant. 

I shall not forget how his laugh rang out. 

I felt as a fool to have been so caught, 
And checked my steps to make pretence 

It was something among the leaves I sought 
(Though doubtful whether he stayed to see). 
Thereafter I sat me against a tree. 



A LINE-STORM SONG 

The line-storm clouds fly tattered and swiftj 

The road is forlorn all day, 
\Vhere a myriad snowy quartz stones lift, 

And the hoof-prints vanish away. 
The roadside flowers, too wet for the bee, 

Expend their bloom in vain. 
Come over the hills and far with me, 

And be my love in the rain. 

The birds have less to say for themselves 

In the wood- world's torn despair 
Than now these numberless years the elves A 

Although they are no less there: 
All song of the woods is crushed like some 

Wild, easily shattered rose. 
Come, be my love in the wet woods, come, 

Where the boughs rain when it blows. 

There is the gale to urge behind 

And bruit our singing down, 
And the shallow waters aflutter with wind 

From which to gather your gown. 
What matter if we go clear to the west, 

And come not through dry-shod? 
For wilding brooch shall wet your breast 

The rain-fresh goldenrod. 



28 



Oh, never this whelming east wind swells 

But it seems like the sea's return 
To the ancient lands where it left the shells 

Before the age of the fern; 
And it seems like the time when after doubt 

Our love came back amain. 
Oh, come forth into the storm and rout 

And be my love in the rain. 



OCTOBER 

O hushed October morning mild, 
Thy leaves have ripened to the fall; 
To-morrow's wind, if it be wild, 
Should waste them all. 
The crows above the forest call; 
To-morrow they may form and go. 
O hushed October morning mild, 
Begin the hours of this day slow. 
Make the day seem to us less brief. 
Hearts not averse to being beguiled, 
Beguile us in the way you know. 
Release one leaf at break of day; 
At noon release another leaf; 
One from our trees, one far away. 
Retard the sun with gentle mist; 
Enchant the land with amethyst. 
Slow, slow! 

For the grapes' sake, if they were all, 
Whose leaves already are burnt with frost, 
Whose clustered fruit must else be lost 
For the grapes' sake along the wall. 



RELUCTANCE 

vJut through the fields and the woods 
And over the walls I have wended; 

I have climbed the hills of view 

And looked at the world., and descended; 

I have come by the highway home, 
And lo, it is ended. 

The leaves are all dead on the ground, 
Save those that the oak is keeping 

To ravel them one by one 

And let them go scraping and creeping 

Out over the crusted snow, 
\Vhen others are sleeping. 

And the dead leaves lie huddled and still, 
No longer blown hither and thither; 

The last lone aster is gone; 

The flowers of the witch-hazel wither; 

The heart is still aching to seek, 
But the feet question 'Whither?* 

Ah, when to the heart of man 
"Was it ever less than a treason 

To go with the drift of things, 
To yield with a grace to reason, 

And bow and accept the end 
Of a love or a season? 



North of Boston 



MENDING WALL 

Something there is that doesn't love a wall, 

That sends the frozen-ground-swell under it, 

And spills the upper boulders in the sun; 

And makes gaps even two can pass abreast. 

The work of hunters is another thing: 

I have come after them and made repair 

Where they have left not one stone on a stone, 

But they would have the rabbit out of hiding, 

To please the yelping dogs. The gaps I mean, 

No one has seen them made or heard them made 

But at spring mending-time we find them there. 

I let my neighbour know beyond the hill; 

And on a day we meet to walk the line 

And set the wall between us once again. 

We keep the wall between us as we go. 

To each the boulders *hat have fallen to each. 

And some are loaves and some so nearly balls 

We have to use a spell to make them balance: 

'Stay where you are until our backs are turned \ y 

We wear our fingers rough with handling them. 

Oh, just another kind of out-door game, 

One on a side. It comes to little more: 

There where it is we do not need the wall: 

He is all pine and I am apple orchard. 

My apple trees will never get across 

And eat the cones under his pines, I tell him. 

He only says, 'Good fences make good neighbours/ 

35 



Spring is the mischief in me, and I wonder 

If I could put a notion in his head: 

'Why do they make good neighbours? Isn't it 

Where there are cows? But here there are no cows. 

Before I built a wall I'd ask to know 

What I was walling in or walling out, 

And to whom I was like to give offence. 

Something there is that doesn't love a wall, 

That wants it down/ I could say ( EIves' to him, 

But it's not elves exactly, and I'd rather 

He said it for himself. I see him there 

Bringing a stone grasped firmly by the top 

In each hand, like an old-stone savage armed. 

He moves in darkness as it seems to me, 

Not of woods only and the shade of trees. 

He will not go behind his father's saying, 

And he likes having thought of it so well 

He says again, 'Good fences make good neighbours. 



THE MOUNTAIN 

1 he mountain held the town as in a shadow. 
I saw so much before I slept there once: 
I noticed that I missed stars in the west, 
Where its black body cut into the sky. 
Near me it seemed: I felt it like a wall 
Behind which I was sheltered from a wind. 
And yet between the town and it I found, 
When I walked forth at dawn to see new things, 
Were fields, a river, and beyond, more fields. 
The river at the time was fallen away, 
And made a widespread brawl 011 cobble-stones; 
But the signs showed what it had done in spring: 
Good grass-land gullied out, and in the grass 
Ridges of sand, and driftwood stripped of bark. 
I crossed the river and swung round the mountain. 
And there I met a man who moved so slow 
With white-faced oxen in a heavy cart, 
It seemed no harm to stop him altogether. 

'What town is this?' I asked. 

'This? Lunenburg.' 

Then I was wrong: the town of my sojourn, 
Beyond the bridge, was not that of the mountain, 
But only felt at night its shadowy presence. 
* Where is your village? Very far from here?* 

45 



There is no village only scattered farms. 
We were but sixty voters last election. 
We can't in nature grow to many more: 
That thing takes all the room!' He moved his goad. 
The mountain stood there to be pointed at. 
asture ran up the side a little way, 
\nd then there was a wall of trees with trunks; 
After that only tops of trees, and cliffs 
Imperfectly concealed among the leaves. 
A dry ravine emerged from under boughs 
Into the pasture. 

'That looks like a path. 
Is that the way to reach the top from here? 
Not for this morning, but some other time: 
I must be getting back to breakfast now/ 

'I don't advise your trying from this side. 
There is no proper path, but those that have 
Been up, I understand, have climbed from Ladd's. 
That's five miles back. You can't mistake the place: 
They logged it there last winter some way up. 
Td take you, but Fm bound the other way.' 

You've never climbed it?' 

I've been on the sides, 

Deer-hunting and trout-fishing. There's a brook 
That starts up on it somewhere I've heard say 
Right on the top, tip-top a curious thing. 

46 



But what would interest you about the brook, 

It's always cold in summer, warm in winter. 

One of the great sights going is to see 

It steam in winter like an ox's breath, 

Until the bushes all along its banks 

Are inch-deep with the frosty spines and bristles 

You know the kind. Then let the sun shine on it!' 

'There ought to be a view around the world 
From such a mountain if it isn't wooded 
Clear to the top.' I saw through leafy screens 
Great granite terraces in sun and shadow, 
Shelves one could rest a knee on getting up 
With depths behind him sheer a hundred feet. 
Or turn and sit on and look out and down, 
With little ferns in crevices at his elbow. 

* As to that I can't say. But there's the spring, 
Right on the summit, almost like a fountain. 
That ought to be worth seeing/ 

If it's there. 
You never saw it? 1 

'I guess there's no doubt 
About its being there. I never saw it. 
It may not be right on the very top: 
It wouldn't have to be a long way down 
To have some head of water from above, 
And a good distance down might not be noticed 

47 



By anyone who'd come a long way up. 
One time I asked a fellow climbing it 
To look and tell me later how it was.' 

' What did he say?' 

'He said there was a lake 
Somewhere in Ireland on a mountain top.' 

'But a lake's different. What about the spring?' 

'He never got up high enough to see. 
That's why I don't advise your trying this side. 
He tried this side. I've always meant to go 
And look myself, but you know how it is: 
It doesn't seem so much to climb a mountain 
You've worked around the foot of all your life. 
What would I do? Go in my overalls, 
With a big stick, the same as when the cows 
Haven't come down to the bars at milking lime? 
Or with a shotgun for a stray black bear? 
'Twouldn't seem real to climb for climbing it ' 

f l shouldn't climb it if I didn't want to 

Not for the sake of climbing. What's its name^' 

'We call it Hor: I don't know if that's right/ 
Can one walk around it? Would it be too far?' 



( You can drive round and keep in Lunenburg, 
But it's as much as ever you can do, 
The boundary lines keep in so close to it. 
Hor is the township, and the township's Hor 
And a few houses sprinkled round the foot, 
Like boulders broken off the upper cliff, 
Rolled out a little farther than the rest/ 

' Warm in December, cold in June, you say?' 

'I don't suppose the water's changed at all. 
You and I know enough to know it's warm 
Compared with cold, and cold compared with warm 
But all the fun's in how you say a thing.' 

1 You've lived here all your life?' 

'Ever since Hor 

Was no bigger than a' What, I did not hear. 
He drew the oxen toward him with light touches 
Of his slim goad on nose and offside flank, 
Gave them their marching orders and was moving, 



A HUNDRED COLLARS 

Lancaster bore him such a little town, 

Such a great man. It doesn't see him often 

Of late years, though he keeps the old homestead 

And sends the children down there with their mother 

To run wild in the summer a little wild. 

Sometimes he joins them for a day or two 

And sees old friends he somehow can't get near. 

They meet him in the general store at night, 

Pre-occupied with formidable mail, 

Rifling a printed letter as he talks. 

They seem afraid. He wouldn't have it so: 

Though a great scholar, he's a democrat, 

If not at heart, at least on principle. 

Lately when coming up to Lancaster, 

His train being late, he missed another train 

And had four hours to wait at Woodsville Junction 

After eleven o'clock at night. Too tired 

To think of sitting such an ordeal out, 

He turned to the hotel to find a bed. 

'No room/ the night clerk said. 'Unless' 

Woodsville's a place of shrieks and wandering lamps 
And cars that shock and rattle and one hotel. 

'You say "unless."' 
50 



'Unless you wouldn't mind 
Sharing a room with someone else.' 

'Who is it?' 



man. 



'So I should hope. What kind of man?' 

'I know him: he's all right. A man's a man. 
Separate beds, of course, you understand.' 
The night clerk blinked his eyes and dared him on. 

Who's that man sleeping in the office chair? 
Has he had the refusal of my chance?' 

'He was afraid of being robbed or murdered. 
What do you say?' 

Til have to have a bed.' 

The night clerk led him up three flights of stairs 
And down a narrow passage full of doors, 
At the last one of which he knocked and entered. 
'Lafe, here's a fellow wants to share your room.' 

'Show him this way. I'm not afraid of him. 
I'm not so drunk I can't take care of myself.' 



The night clerk clapped a bedstead on the foot. 
'This will be yours. Good-night,' he said, and went 

'Lafe was the name, I think?' 

'Yes, Layfayette. 
You got it the first time. And yours?' 

'Magoon,. 
Doctor Magoon.' 

'A Doctor?' 

'Well, a teacher/'' 

'Professor Square-the-circle-till-you're-tired? 
Hold on, there's something I don't think of now 
That I had on my mind to ask the first 
Man that knew anything I happened in with. 
I'll ask you later don't let me forget it.' 

The Doctor looked at Lafe and looked away. 

A man? A brute. Naked above the waist, 

He sat there creased and shining in the light, 

Fumbling the buttons in a well-starched shirt: 

'I'm moving into a size-larger shirt. 

I've felt mean lately; mean's no name for it. 

I just found what the matter was to-night: 

I've been a-choking like a nursery tree 

When it outgrows the wire band of its name tag. 

52 



I blamed it on the hot spell we've been having. 
'Twas nothing but my foolish hanging back, 
Not liking to own up I'd grown a size. 
Number eighteen this is. What size do you wear?' 

The Doctor caught his throat convulsively. 
v Oh ah fourteen fourteen. ' 

'Fourteen! You say so! 
I can remember when I wore fourteen. 
And come to think I must have back at home 
More than a hundred collars, size fourteen. 
Too bad to waste them all. You ought to have 

them. 
They're yours and welcome; let me send them to 

you. 

What makes you stand there on one leg like that? 
You're not much furtherer than where Kike left you. 
You act as if you wished you hadn't come. 
Sit down or lie down, friend; you make me nervous/ 

The Doctor made a subdued dash for it, 
And propped himself at bay against a pillow. 

'Not that way, with your shoes on Kike's white bed 
You can't rest that way. Let me pull your shoes off.' 

'Don't touch me, please I say, don't touch me, 

please. 
I'll not be put to bed by you, my man.' 

53 



'Just as you say. Have it your own way then. 
"My man" is it? You talk like a professor. 
Speaking of who's afraid of who, however, 
I'm thinking I have more to lose than you 
If anything should happen to be wrong. 
Who wants to cut your number fourteen throat I 
Let's have a show down as an evidence 
Of good faith. There is ninety dollars. 
Come, if you're not afraid/ 

f Tm not afraid. 
There's five: that's all I carry.' 

1 can search you? 

Where are you moving over to? Stay still. 
You'd better tuck your money under you 
And sleep on it the way I always do 
When I'm with people I don't trust at night.' 

'Will you believe me if I put it there 

Right on the counterpanethat I do trust you?' 

'You'd say so, Mister Man. I'm a collector. 
My ninety isn't mine you won't think that. 
I pick it up a dollar at a time 
All round the country for the Weekly News, 
Published in Bow. You know the Weekly News?' 

'Known it since I was young.' 
54 



'Then you know me. 
Now we are getting on together talking. 
I'm sort of Something for it at the front. 
My business is to find what people want: 
They pay for it, and so they ought to have it. 
Fairbanks, he says to mehe's editor 
"Feel out the public sentiment" he says. 
A good deal comes on me when all is said. 
The only trouble is we disagree 
In politics: I'm Vermont Democrat 
You know what that is, sort of double-dyed; 
The News has always been Republican. 
Fairbanks, he says to me, "Help us this year," 
Meaning by us their ticket. "No," I says, 
"I can't and won't. You've been in long enough: 
It's time you turned around and boosted us. 
You'll have to pay me more than ten a week 
If Fm expected to elect Bill Taft. 
I doubt if I could do it anyway." ' 

1 You seem to shape the paper's policy/ 

* You see I'm in with everybody, know 'em all. 
I almost know their farms as well as they do/ 

' You drive around? It must be pleasant work/ 

It's business, but I can't say it's not fun. 
What I like best's the lay of different farms, 

55 



Coming out on them from a stretch of woods, 

Or over a hill or round a sudden corner. 

I like to find folks getting out in spring, 

Raking the dooryard, working near the house. 

Later they get out further in the fields. 

Everything's shut sometimes except the barn; 

The family's all away in some back meadow. 

There's a hay load a-coming when it comes. 

And later still they all get driven in: 

The fields are stripped to lawn, the garden patches 

Stripped to bare ground, the maple trees 

To whips and poles. There's nobody about. 

The chimney, though, keeps up a good brisk smoking. 

And I lie back and ride. I take the reins 

Only when someone's coming, and the mare 

Stops when she likes: I tell her when to go. 

I've spoiled Jemima in more ways than one. 

She's got so she turns in at every house 

As if she had some sort of curvature, 

No matter if I have no errand there. 

She thinks I'm sociable. I maybe am. 

It's seldom I get down except for meals, though. 

Folks entertain me from the kitchen doorstep, 

All in a family row down to the youngest.' 

'One would suppose they might not be as glad 
To see you as you are to see them/ 

'Oh, 
Because I want their dollar? I don't want 

56 



Anything they've not got. I never dun. 
I'm there, and they can pay me if they like. 
I go nowhere on purpose: I happen by. 
Sorry there is no cup to give you a drink. 
I drink out of the bottle not your style. 
Mayn't I offer you?' 

'No, no, no, thank you/ 

'Just as you say. Here's looking at you then. 
And now I'm leaving you a little while. 
You'll rest easier when I'm gone, perhaps 
Lie down let yourself go and get some sleep. 
Bnt first let's see what was I going to ask you? 
Those collars who shall I address them to, 
Suppose you aren't awake when I come back?' 

* Really, friend, I can't let you. You may need them.* 
'Not till I shrink, when they'll be out of style.' 
'But really I I have so many collars.' 

'I don't know who I rather would have have them. 
They're only turning yellow where they are. 
But you're the doctor as the saying is. 
I'll put the light out. Don't you wait for me: 
I've just begun the night. You get some sleep. 
I'll knock so-fashion and peep round the door 
When I come back so you'll know who it is. 

57 



There's nothing I'm afraid of like scared people. 
I don't want you should shoot me in the head. 
What am I doing carrying off this bottle? 
There now, you get some sleep/ 

He shut the door. 
The Doctor slid a little down the pillow. 



Against the lounge beside it, though I doubt 

If such unlifelike lines kept power to stir 

Anything in her after all the years. 

He fell at Gettysburg or Fredericksburg, 

I ought to know it makes a difference which: 

Fredericksburg wasn't Gettysburg, of course. 

But what I'm getting to is how forsaken 

A little cottage this has always seemed; 

Since she went more than ever, but before 

I don't mean altogether by the lives 

That had gone out of it, the father first, 

Then the two sons, till she was left alone. 

(Nothing could draw her after those two sons. 

She valued the considerate neglect 

She had at some costtaught them after years.) 

I meanby the woilZ^'sJhiayjngpasscd it by"" 

As we^almost got by this afternoon^ 

It always seems to me a sort of mark 

To measure how far fifty years have brought us. 

Why not sit down if you are in no haste? 

These doorsteps seldom have a visitor. 

The warping boards pull out their own old nails 

With none to tread and put them in their place. 

She had her own idea of things, the old lady. 

And she liked talk. She had seen Garrison 

And Whittier, and had her story of them. 

One wasn't long in learning that she thought 

Whatever else the Civil War was for, 

It wasn't just to keep the States together, 

Nor just to free the slaves, though it did both. 

65 



She wouldn't have believed those ends enough 
To have given outright for them all she gave. 
Her giving somehow touched the principle 
That all men are created free and equal. 
And to hear her quaint phrasesso removed 
From the world's view to-day of all those things. 
That's a hard mystery of Jefferson's. 
What did he mean? Of course the easy way 
Is to decide it simply isn't true. 
It may not be. I heard a fellow say so. 
But never mind, the Welshman got it planted 
Where it will trouble us a thousand years. 
Each age will have to reconsider it. 
You couldn't tell her what the West was saying, 
And what the South to her serene belief. 
She had some art of hearing and yet not 
Hearing the latter wisdom of the world. 
White was the only race she ever knew. 
Black she had scarcely seen, and yellow never. 
But how could they be made so very unlike 
By the same hand working in the same stuff? 
She had supposed the war decided that. 
What are you going to do with such a person? 
Strange how such innocence gets its own way. 
I shouldn't be surprised if in this world 
It were the force that would at last prevail. 
Do you know but for her there was a time 
When to please younger members of the church, 
Or rather say non-members in the church, 
Whom we all have to think of nowadays, 

66 



I would have changed the Creed a very little? 

Not that she ever had to ask me not to; 

It never got so far as that; but the bare thought 

Of her old tremulous bonnet in the pew, 

And of her half asleep was too much for me. 

Why, I might wake her up and startle her. 

It was the words "descended into Hades' ' 

That seemed too pagan to our liberal youth. 

You know they suffered from a general onslaught. 

And well, if they weren't true why keep right on 

Saying them like the heathen? We could drop them. 

Only there was the bonnet in the pew. 

Such a phrase couldn't have meant much to her. 

But suppose she had missed it from the Creed 

As a child misses the unsaid Good-night, 

And falls asleep with heartache how should I feel? 

Fm just as glad she made me keep hands off, 

For, dear me, why abandon a belief 

Merely because it ceases to be true. 

Cling to it long enough, and not a doubt 

It will turn true again, for so it goes. 

Most of the change we think we see in life 

Is due to truths being in and out of favour. 

As I sit here, and oftentimes, I wish 

I could be monarch of a desert land 

I could devote and dedicate forever 

To the truths we keep coming back and back to. 

So desert it would have to be, so walled 

By mountain ranges half in summer snow, 

No one would covet it or think it worth 

67 



The pains of conquering to force change on. 
Scattered oases where men dwelt, but mostly 
Sand dunes held loosely in tamarisk 
Blown over and over themselves in idleness. 
Sand grains should sugar in the natal dew 
The babe born to the desert, the sand storm 
Retard mid-waste my cowering caravans- 
There are bees in this wall. 7 He struck the clapboards, 
Fierce heads looked out; small bodies pivoted. 
We rose to go. Sunset blazed on the windows. 



68 



BLUEBERRIES 1 

You ought to have seen what I saw on my way 
To the village, through Patterson's pasture to-day: 
Blueberries as big as the end of your thumb, 
Real sky-blue, and heavy, and ready to drum 
In the cavernous pail of the first one to come! 
And all ripe together, not some of them green 
And some of them ripe! You ought to have seenP 

'I don't know what part of the pasture you mean.' 

< You know where they cut off the woods let me see~ 

It was two years ago or no! can it be 

No longer than that? and the following fall 

The fire ran and burned it all up but the wall.' 

'Why, there hasn't been time for the bushes to grow % 
That's always the way with the blueberries, though: 
There may not have been the ghost of a sign 
Of them anywhere under the shade of the pine, 
But get the pine out of the way, you may burn 
The pasture all over until not a fern 
Or grass-blade is left, not to mention a stick, 
And presto, they're up all around you as thick 
And hard to explain as a conjuror's trick/ 

'It must be on charcoal they fatten their fruit. 
I taste in them sometimes the flavour of soot. 



And after all really they're ebony skinned: 

The blue's but a mist from the breath of the wind, 

A tarnish that goes at a touch of the hand, 

And less than the tan with which pickers are tanned/ 

'Does Patterson know what he has, do you think?' 

'He may and not care and so leave the chewink 
To gather them for him you know what he is. 
He won't make the fact that they're rightfully his 
An excuse for keeping us other folk out/ 

'I wonder you didn't see Loren about.' 

'The best of it was that I did. Do you know, 

[ was just getting through what the field had to show 

And over the wall and into the road, 

When who should come by, with a democrat-load 

Of all the young chattering Lorens alive, 

But Loren, the fatherly, out for a drive/ 

'He saw you, then? What did he do? Did he frown?' 

'He just kept nodding his head up and down. 
You know how politely he always goes by. 
But he thought a big thought I could tell by his eye 
Which being expressed, might be this in effect: 
!< I have left those there berries, I shrewdly suspect, 
To ripen too long. I am greatly to blame." ' 

70 



'He's a thriftier person than some I could name/ 

'He seems to be thrifty; and hasn't he need, 

With the mouths of all those young Lorens to feed? 

He has brought them all up on wild berries, they say, 

Like birds. They store a great many away. 

They eat them the year round, and those they don't eat 

They sell in the store and buy shoes for their feet/ 

'Who cares what they say? It's a nice way to live, 
Just taking what Nature is willing to give, 
Not forcing her hand with harrow and plow.' 

'I wish you had seen his perpetual bow 

And the air of the youngsters! Not one of them turned, 

And they looked so solemn-absurdly concerned/ 

'I wish I knew half what the flock of them know 
Of where all the berries and other things grow, 
Cranberries in bogs and raspberries on top 
Of the boulder-strewn mountain, and when they 

will crop. 

I met them one day and each had a flower 
Stuck into his berries as fresh as a shower; 
Some strange kindthey told me it hadn't a name/ 

Tve told you how once not long after we came, 
I almost provoked poor Loren to mirth 
By going to him of all people on earth 

71 



To ask if he knew any fruit to be had 
For the picking. The rascal, he said he'd be glad 
To tell if he knew. But the year had been bad. 
There had been some berries but those were all gone. 
He didn't say where they had been. He went on: 
"I'm sure I'm sure" as polite as could be. 
He spoke to his wife in the door, "Let me see, 
Mame, we don't know any good berrying place?" 
It was all he could do to keep a straight face.' 

'If he thinks all the fruit that grows wild is for him, 
He'll find he's mistaken. See here, for a whim, 
We'll pick in the Pattersons' pasture this year. 
We'll go in the morning, that is, if it's clear, 
And the sun shines out warm: the vines must be wet. 
It's so long since I picked I almost forget 
How we used to pick berries: we took one look round. 
Then sank out of sight like trolls underground, 
And saw nothing more of each other, or heard, 
Unless when you said I was keeping a bird 
Away from its nest, and I said it was you. 
"Well, one of us is." For complaining it flew 
Around and around us. And then for a while 
We picked, till I feared you had wandered a mile, 
And I thought I had lost you. I lifted a shout 
Too loud for the distance you were, it turned out, 
For when you made answer, your voice was as low 
fas talking you stood up beside me, you know/ 

( We ska'n't have the place to ourselves to enjoy 
72 



Not likely, when all the young Lorens deploy. 
They'll be there lo-morrow, or even to-night. 
They won't be too friendly they may be polite 
To people they look on as having no right 
To pick where they're picking. But we won't com- 
plain. 

You ought to have seen how it looked in the rain, 
The fruit mixed with water in layers of leaves, 
Like two kinds of jewels, a vision for thieves.' 



73 



A SERVANT TO SERVANTS 

I didn't make you know how glad I was 

To have you come and camp here on our land. 

I promised myself to get down some day 

And see the way you lived, but I don't know! 

With a houseful of hungry men to feed 

I guess you'd find. ... It seems to me 

I can't express my feelings any more 

Than I can raise my voice or want to lift 

My hand (oh, I can lift it when I have to). 

Did ever you feel so? I hope you never. 

It's got so I don't even know for sure 

Whether I am glad, sorry, or anything. 

There's nothing but a voice-like left inside 

That seems to tell me how I ought to feel, 

And would feel if I wasn't all gone wrong. 

You take the lake. I look and look at it. 

I see it's a fair, pretty sheet of water. 

I stand and make myself repeat out loud 

The advantages it has, so long and narrow, 

Like a deep piece of some old running river 

Cut short off at both ends. It lies five miles 

Straight away through the mountain notch 

From the sink window where I wash the plates, 

And all our storms come up toward the house, 

Drawing the slow waves whiter and whiter and 

whiter. 
It took my mind off doughnuts and soda biscuit 

74 



To step outdoors and take the water dazzle 
A sunny morning, or take the rising wind 
About my face and body and through my wrapper, 
When a storm threatened from the Dragon's Den, 
And a cold chill shivered across the lake. 
I see it's a fair, pretty sheet of water, 
Our Willoughby! How did you hear of it? 
I expect, though, everyone's heard of it. 
In a book about ferns? Listen to that! 
You let things more like feathers regulate 
Your going and coming. And you like it here? 
I can see how you might. But I don't know! 
It would be different if more people came, 
For then there would be business. As it is, 
The cottages Len built, sometimes we rent them, 
Sometimes we don't. We've a good piece of shore 
That ought to be worth something, and may yet. 
But I don't count on it as much as Len. 
He looks on the bright side of everything, 
Including me. He thinks I'll be all right 
With doctoring. But it's not medicine- 
Lowe is the only doctor's dared to say so- 
ft's rest I want there, I have said it out 
From cooking meals for hungry hired men 
And washing dishes after them from doing 
Things over and over that just won't stay done. 
By good rights I ought not to have so much 
Put on me, but there seems no other way. 
Len says one steady pull more ought to do it. 
He says the best way out is always through. 

75 



And I agree to that, or in so far 
As that I can see no way out but through 
Leastways for me and then they'll be convinced. 
It's not that Len don't want the best for me. 
It was his plan our moving over in 
Beside the lake from where that day I showed you 
We used to live ten miles from anywhere. 
We didn't change without some sacrifice, 
But Len went at it to make up the loss. 
His work's a man's, of course, from sun to sun, 
But he works when he works as hard as I do- 
Though there's small profit in comparisons. 
(Women and men will make them all the same. ) 
But work ain't all. Len undertakes too much. 
He's into everything in town. This year 
It's highways, and he's got too many men 
Around him to look after that make waste. 
They take advantage of him shamefully, 
And proud, too, of themselves for doing so. 
We have four here to board, great good-for-nothings, 
Sprawling about the kitchen with their talk 
While I fry their bacon. Much they care! 
No more put out in what they do or say 
Than if I wasn't in the room at all. 
Coming and going all the time, they are: 
I don't learn what their names are, let alone 
Their characters, or whether they are safe 
To have inside the house with doors unlocked. 
Fm not afraid of them, though, if they're not 
Afraid of me. There's two can play at that. 



I have my fancies: it runs in the family. 
My father's brother wasn't right. They kept him 
Locked up for years back there at the old farm. 
I've been away once yes, IVe been away. 
The State Asylum. I was prejudiced; 
I wouldn't have sent anyone of mine there; 
You know the old ideathe only asylum 
Was the poorhouse, and those who could afford, 
Rather than send their folks to such a place, 
Kept them at home; and it does seem more human. 
But it's not so: the place is the asylum. 
There they have every means proper to do with, 
And you aren't darkening other people's lives- 
Worse than no good to them, and they no good 
To you in your condition; you can't know 
Affection or the want of it in that state. 
I've heard too much of the old-fashioned way. 
My father's brother, he went mad quite young. 
Some thought he had been bitten by a dog, 
Because his violence took on the form 
Of carrying his pillow in his teeth; 
But it's more likely he was crossed in love, 
Or so the story goes. It was some girl. 
Anyway all he talked about was love. 
They soon saw he would do someone a mischief 
If he wa'n't kept strict watch of, and it ended 
In father's building him a sort of cage, 
Or room within a room, of hickory poles, 
Like stanchions in the barn, from floor to ceiling. 
A narrow passage all the way around. 



Anything they put in for furniture 

He'd tear to pieces, even a bed to lie on. 

So they made the place comfortable with straw, 

Like a beast's stall, to ease their consciences. 

Of course they had to feed him without dishes. 

They tried to keep him clothed, but he paraded 

With his clothes on his arm all of his clothes. 

Cruelit sounds. I 'spose they did the best 

They knew. And just when he was at the height, 

Father and mother married, and mother came, 

A bride, to help take care of such a creature, 

And accommodate her young life to his. 

That was what marrying father meant to her. 

She had to lie and hear love things made dreadful 

By his shouts in the night. He'd shout and shout 

Until the strength was shouted out of him, 

And his voice died down slowly from exhaustion. 

He'd pull his bars apart like bow and bowstring, 

And let them go and make them twang until 

His hands had worn them smooth as any oxbow. 

And then he'd crow as if he thought that child's play 

The only fun he had. I've heard them say, though, 

They found a way to put a stop to it. 

He was before my time I never saw him; 

But the pen stayed exactly as it was 

There in the upper chamber in the ell, 

A sort of catch-all full of attic clutter. 

I often think of tJig^nioathJiickof.y, bars. 

It got so I would say you know, half fooling 

'It's time I took my turn upstairs in jail' 

Just as you will till it becomes a habit. 

78 



No wonder L was glad to get away. 
Mind you, I waited till Len said the word. 
I didn't want the blame if things went wrong. 
I was glad though ; no end, when we moved out, 
And I looked to be happy, and I was, 
As I said, for a while but I don't know! 
Somehow the change wore out like a prescription. 
And there's more to it than just window-views 
And living by a lake. I'm past such help 
Unless Len took the notion, which he won't, 
And I won't ask himit's not sure enough. 
I 'spose I've got to go the road Fm going: 
Other folks have to, and why shouldn't I? 
T almost think if I could do like you, 
Drop everything and live out on the ground- 
But it might be, come night, I shouldn't like it, 
Or a long rain. I should soon get enough, 
And be glad of a good roof overhead. 
Fve lain awake thinking of you, Fll warrant, 
More than you have yourself, some of these nights. 
The wonder was the tents weren't snatched away 
From over you as you lay in your beds. 
I haven't courage for a risk like that. 
Bless you, of course, you're keeping me from work, 
But the thing of it is, I need to be kept. 
There's work enough to do there's always that; 
But behind' s behind. The worst that you can do 
Is set me back a little more behind. 
I sha'n't catch up in this world, anyway. 
I'd rather you'd not go unless you must. 



AFTER APPLE-PICKING 

IVly long two-pointed ladder 's sticking through a 

tree 

Toward heaven still, 
And there's a barrel that I didn't fill 
Beside it, and there may be two or three 
Apples I didn't pick upon some bough. 
But I am done with apple-picking now. 
Essence of winter sleep is on the night, 
The scent of apples: I am drowsing off. 
I cannot rub the strangeness from my sight 
I got from looking through a pane of glass 
I skimmed this morning from the drinking trough 
And held against the world of hoary grass. 
It melted, and I let it fall and break. 
But I was well 

Upon my way to sleep before it fell, 
And I could tell 

What form my dreaming was about to take. 
Magnified apples appear and disappear, 
Stem end and blossom end, 
And every fleck of russet showing clear. 
My instep arch not only keeps the ache, 
It keeps the pressure of a ladder-round. 
I feel the ladder sway as the boughs bend. 
And I keep hearing from the cellar bin 
The rumbling sound 
Of load on load of apples coming in. 

80 



For I have had too much 

Of apple-picking: I am overtired 

Of the great harvest I myself desired. 

There were ten thousand thousand fruit to touch, 

Cherish in hand, lift down, and not let fall. 

For all 

That struck the earth, 

No matter if not bruised or spiked with stubble, 

Went surely to the cider-apple heap 

As of no worth. 

One can see what will trouble 

This sleep of mine, whatever sleep itj. 

Were he not gone, 

The woodchuck could say whether it's like his 

Long sleep, as I describe its coming on, 

Or just some human sleep. 



81 



THE CODE 

1 here were three in the meadow by the brook 
Gathering up windrows, piling cocks of hay, 
With an eye always lifted toward the west 
Where an irregular sun-bordered cloud 
Darkly advanced with a perpetual dagger 
Flickering across its bosom. Suddenly 
One helper, thrusting pitchfork in the ground, 
Marched himself off the field and home. One stayed. 
The town-bred farmer failed to understand. 

* What is there wrong?' 

'Something you just now said/ 
' What did I say?' 

* About our taking pains/ 

'To cock the hay? because it's going to shower? 
I said that more than half an hour ago. 
I said it to myself as much as you/ 

'You didn't know. But James is one big fool. 
He thought you meant to find fault with his work. 
That's what the average farmer would have meant. 
James would take time, of course, to chew it over 
Before he acted: he's just got round to act/ 

82 



'He is a fool if that's the way he takes me.' 

'Don't let it bother you. You've found out something 
The hand that knows his business won't be told 
To do work better 01 fasterthose two things. 
I'm as particular as anyone: 
Most likely I'd have served you just the same. 
But I know you don't understand our ways. 
You were just talking what was in your mind, 
What was in all our minds, and you weren't hinting. 
Tell you a story of what happened once: 
I was up here in Salem at a man's 
Named Sanders with a gang of four or five 
Doing the haying. No one liked the boss. 
He was one of the kind sports call a spider, 
All wiry arms and legs that spread out wavy 
From a humped body nigh as big's a biscuit 
But work! that man could work, especially 
If by so doing he could get more work 
Out of his hired help. I'm not denying 
He was hard on himself. I couldn't find 
That he kept any hours not for himself. 
Daylight and lantern-light were one to him: 
I've heard him pounding in the barn all night. 
But what he liked was someone to encourage. 
Them that he couldn't lead he'd get behind 
And drive, the way you can, you know, in mowing- 
Keep at their heels and threaten to mow their legs off 
I'd seen about enough of his bulling tricks 
(We call that bulling). I'd been watching him. 

83 



So when he paired off with me in the hayfield 

To load the load, thinks I, Look out for trouble. 

I built the load and topped it off; old Sanders 

Combed it down with a rake and says, "O. K." 

Everything went well till we reached the barn 

With a big jag to empty in a bay. 

You understand that meant the easy job 

For the man up on top of throwing down 

The hay and rolling it off wholesale, 

Where on a mow it would have been slow lifting. 

You wouldn't think a fellow'd need much urging 

Under those circumstances, would you now? 

But the old fool seizes his fork in both hands, 

And looking up bewhiskered out of the pit, 

Shouts like an army captain, "Let her come!" 

Thinks I, D'ye mean it? " What was that you said?" 

I asked out loud, so's there'd be no mistake, 

"Did you say, Let her come?" "Yes, let her come." 

He said it over, but he said it softer. 

Never you say a thing like that to a man, 

Not if he values what he is. God, I'd as soon 

Murdered him as left out his middle name. 

Fd built the load and knew right where to find it. 

Two or three forkfuls I picked lightly round for 

Like meditating, and then I just dug in 

And dumped the rackful on him in ten lots. 

I looked over the side once in the dust 

And caught sight of him treading- water-like, 

Keeping his head above. "Damn ye," I says, 

84 



"That gets ye!" He squeaked like a squeezed rat. 

That was the last I saw or heard of him. 

I cleaned the rack and drove out to cool off. 

As I sat mopping hayseed from my neck, 

And sort of waiting to be asked about it, 

One of the boys sings out, " Where's the old man?" 

"I left him in the barn under the hay. 

If ye want him, ye can go and dig him out." 

They realized from the way I swobbed my neck 

More than was needed something must be up. 

They headed for the barn; I stayed where I was. 

They told me afterward. First they forked hay, 

A lot of it, out into the barn floor. 

Nothing! They listened for him. Not a rustle. 

I guess they thought I'd spiked him in the temple 

Before I buried him, or I couldn't have managed. 

They excavated more. "Go keep his wife 

Out of the barn." Someone looked in a window, 

And curse me if he wasn't in the kitchen 

Slumped way down in a chair, with both his feet 

Against the stove, the hottest day that summer. 

He looked so clean disgusted from behind 

There was no one that dared to stir him up, 

Or let him know that he was being looked at. 

Apparently I hadn't buried him 

(I may have knocked him down); but my just trying 

To bury him had hurt his dignity. 

He had gone to the house so's not to meet me. 

He kept away from us all afternoon. 

85 



We tended to his hay. We saw him out 

After a while picking peas in his garden: 

He couldn't keep away from doing something.' 

* Weren't you relieved to find he wasn't dead?' 

No! and yet I d'jn't know it's hard to say, 
I went about to kill him fair enough.' 

' You took an awkward way. Did he discharge you? 1 
4 Discharge me? No! He knew I did just right/ 



86 



THE GENERATIONS OF MEN 

A. governor it was proclaimed this time, 
When all who would come seeking in 

Hampshire 
Ancestral memories might come together. 
And those of the name Stark gathered in Bow, 
A rock-strewn town where farming has fallefrofl, 
And sprout-lands flourish where the axe has gone. 
Someone had literally run to earth 
In an old cellar hole in a by-road 
The origin of all the family there. 
Thence they were sprung, so numerous a tribe 
That now not all the houses left in town 
Made shift to shelter them without the help 
Of here and there a tent in grove and orchard. 
They were at Bow, but that was not enough: 
Nothing would do butthey must fix a day 
To stand together on the crater's verge 
That turned them on the world, and try to fathom 
The past and get some strangeness out of it. 
But rain spoiled all. The day began uncertain, 
With clouds low trailing and moments of rain that 

misted. 

The young folk held some hope out to each other 
Till well toward noon when the storm settled down 
With a swish in the grass. 'What if the others 
Are there/ they said. 'It isn't going to rain/ 
Only one from a farm not far away 

87 



Strolled thither, not expecting he would find 

Anyone else, but out of idleness. 

One, and one other, yes, for there were two. 

The second round the curving hillside road 

Was a girl; and she halted some way off 

To reconnoitre, and then made up her mind 

At least to pass by and see who he was, 

And perhaps hear some word about the weather. 

This was some Stark she didn't know. He nodded. 

'No fete to-day/ he said. 

'It looks that way/ 

She swept the heavens, turning on her heel. 
'I only idled down/ 

'I idled down/ 

Provision there had been for just such meeting 
Of stranger cousins, in a family tree 
Drawn on a sort of passport with the branch 
Of the one bearing it done in detail- 
Some zealous one's laborious device. 
She made a sudden movement toward her bodice, 
As one who clasps her heart. They laughed together. 
'Stark?' he inquired. 'No matter for the proof/ 

'Yes, Stark. And you?' 

Tm Stark.' He drew his passport. 
68 



( You know we might not be and still be cousins: 

The town is full of Chases, Lowes, and Baileys, 

All claiming some priority in Starkness. 

My mother was a Lane, yet might have married 

Anyone upon earth and still her children 

Would have been Starks, and doubtless here to-day.' 

( You riddle with your genealogy 
Like a Viola. I don't follow you/ 

*I only mean my mother was a Stark 
Several times over, and by marrying father 
No more than brought us back into the name/ 

'One ought not to be thrown into confusion 

By a plain statement of relationship, 

But I own what you say makes my head spin. 

You take my card you seem so good at such things 

And see if you can reckon our cousinship. 

Why not take seats here on the cellar wall 

And dangle feet among the raspberry vines?* 

'Under the shelter of the family tree/ 
'Just so that ought to be enough protection/ 
'Not from the rain. I think it's going to rain/ 
'It's raining/ 

89 



'No, it's misting; let's be fair. 
Does the rain seem to you to cool the eyes?' 

The situation was like this: the road 

Bowed outward on the mountain half-way up, 

And disappeared and ended not far off. 

No one went home that way. The only house 

Beyond where they were was a shattered secdpod. 

And below roared a brook hidden in trees, 

The sound of which was silence for the place. 

This he sat listening to till she gave judgment. 

'On father's side, it seems, we're let me see' 
'Don't be too technical. You have three cards.' 

Tour cards, one yours, three mine, one for each 
branch 
Of the Stark family I'm a member of.' 

'D'you know a person so related to herself 
Is supposed to be mad.' 

*I may be mad/ 

< You look so, sitting out here in the rain 
Studying genealogy with me 
You never saw before. What will we come to 
With all this pride of ancestry, we Yankees? 
I think we're all mad. Tell me why we're here 

90 



Drawn into town about this cellar hole 
Like wild geese on a lake before a storm? 
What do we see in such a hole, I wonder/ 

'The Indians had a myth of Chicamoztoc, 

Which means The Seven Caves that We Came out ot. 

This is the pit from which we Starks were digged/ 

'You must be learned. That's what you see in it?' 
'And what do you see?' 

' Yes, what do I see? 
First let me look. I see raspberry vines' 

'Oh, if you're going to use your eyes, just hear 

What / see. It's a little, little boy, 

As pale and dim as a match flame in the sun; 

He's groping in the cellar after jam, 

He thinks it's dark and it's flooded with daylight/ 

'He's nothing. Listen. When I lean like this 
I can make out old Grandsir Stark distinctly, 
With his pipe in his mouth and his brown jug- 
Bless you, it isn't Grandsir Stark, it's Granny, 
But the pipe's there and smoking and the jug. 
She's after cider, the old girl, she's thirsty; 
Here's hoping she gets her drink and gets out safely/ 

'Tell me about her. Does she look like me? 1 

91 



'She should, shouldn't she, you're so many times 
Over descended from her. I believe 
She does look like you. Stay the way you are. 
The nose is just the same, and so's the chin- 
Making allowance, making due allowance.' 

'You poor, dear, great, great, great, great Granny!' 
'See that you get her greatness right. Don't stint her/ 

' Yes, it's important, though you think it isn't. 
I won't be teased. But see how wet I am.' 

1 Yes, you must go; we can't stay here for ever. 

But wait until I give you a hand up. 

A bead of silver water more or less 

Strung on your hair won't hurt your summer looks 

I wanted to try something with the noise 

That the brook raises in the empty valley. 

We have seen visions now consult the voices. 

Something I must have learned riding in trains 

When I was young. I used to use the roar 

To set the voices speaking out of it, 

Speaking or singing, and the band-music playing 

Perhaps you have the art of what I mean. 

I've never listened in among the sounds 

That a brook makes in such a wild descent. 

It ought to give a purer oracle.' 



'It's as you throw a picture on a screen: 

The meaning of it all is out of you; 

The voices give you what you wish to hear.' 

'Strangely, it's anything they wish to give/ 

'Then I don't know. It must be strange enough. 

I wonder if it's not your make-believe. 

What do you think you're like to hear to-day?' 

'From the sense of our having been together 
But why take time for what I'm like to hear? 
I'll tell you what the voices really say. 
You will do very well right where you are 
A little longer. I mustn't feel too hurried, 
Or I can't give myself to hear the voices.' 

'Is this some trance you are withdrawing into?' 
'You must be very still; you mustn't talk/ 
Til hardly breathe/ 

'The voices seem to say' 
Tin waiting/ 

'Don't! The voices seem to say: 
Call her Nausicaa, the unafraid 
Of an acquaintance made adventurously/ 

93 



'I let you say thaton consideration.' 

'I don't see very well how you can help it. 
You want the truth. I speak but by the voices. 
You sec they know I haven't had your name, 
Though what a name should matter between us 

'I shall suspect-' 

'Be good. The voices say: 
Call her Nausicaa, and take a timber 
That you shall find lies in the cellar charred 
Among the raspberries, and hew and shape it 
For a door-sill or other corner piece 
In a new cottage on the ancient spot. 
The life is not yet all gone out of it. 
And come and make your summer dwelling here, 
And perhaps she will come., still unafraid, 
And sit before you in the open door 
With flowers in her lap until they fade, 
But not come in across the sacred sill' 

'I wonder where your oracle is tending. 
You can see that there's something wrong with it, 
Or it would speak in dialect. Whose voice 
Does it purport to speak in? Not old Grandsir's 
Nor Granny's, surely. Call up one of them. 
They have best right to be heard in this place/ 



94 



'You seem so partial to our great-grandmother 
(Nine times removed. Correct me if I err.) 
You will be likely to regard as sacred 
Anything she may say. But let me warn you, 
Folks in her day were given to plain speaking. 
You think you'd best tempt her at such a time?' 

c lt rests with us always to cut her off/ 

1 Well then, it's Granny speaking: "I dunnow! 

Mebbe I'm wrong to take it as I do. 

There ain't no names quite like the old ones 

though, 

Nor never will be to my way of thinking. 
One mustn't bear too hard on the new comers, 
But there's a dite too many of them for comfort. 
I should feel easier if I could see 
More of the salt wherewith they're to be salted. 
Son, you do as you're told! You take the timber- 
It's as sound as the day when it was cut 
And begin over" There, she'd better stop. 
You can see what is troubling Granny, though. 
But don't you think we sometimes make too much 
Of the old stock? What counts is the ideals, 
And those will bear some keeping still about.' 

'I can see we are going to be good friends.' 



'I like your "going to be." You said just now 
It's going to rain/ 



95 



'I know, and it was raining. 
I let you say all that. But I must go now.' 

* You let me say it? on consideration? 
How shall we say good-bye in such a case?' 

'How shall we?' 

* Will you leave the way to me?' 

'No, I don't trust your eyes. You've said enough. 
Now give me your hand up. Pick me that flower.' 

' Where shall we meet again?' 

' No where but here 
Once more before we meet elsewhere.' 

'In rain?' 

'It ought to be in rain. Sometime in rain. 
In rain to-morrow, shall we, if it rains? 
But if we must, in sunshine.' So she went. 



THE HOUSEKEEPER 



1 let myself in at the kitchen door. 

It's you/ she said. 'I can't get up. Forgive mt 
Not answering your knock. I can no more 
Let people in than I can keep them out. 
I'm getting too old for my size, I tell them. 
My fingers are about all I've the use of 
So's to take any comfort. I can sew: 
I help out with this beadwork what I can/ 

'That's a smart pair of pumps you're beading there. 
Who are they for?' 

' You mean? oh, for some miss. 
I can't keep track of other people's daughters. 
Lord, if I were to dream of everyone 
Whose shoes I primped to dance in!' 

'And where's John? 1 

'Haven't you seen him? Strange what set you off 
To come to his house when he's gone to yours. 
You can't have passed each other. I know what: 
He must have changed his mind and gone to Gar* 

land's. 

He won't be long in that case. You can wait. 
Though what good you can be, or anyone-- 
It's gone so far. You've heard? Estelle's run off.' 

97 



'Yes, what's it all about? When did she go? 7 
'Two weeks since/ 

'She's in earnest, it appears/ 

Tm sure she won't come back. She's hiding some- 
where. 

I don't know where myself. John thinks I do. 
He thinks I only have to say the word, 
And she'll come back. But, bless you, I'm her mother 
I can't talk to her, and, Lord, if I could!' 

'It will go hard with John. What will he do? 
He can't find anyone to take her place.' 

'Oh, if you ask me that, what will he do? 

He gets some sort of bakeshop meals together, 

With me to sit and tell him everything, 

What's wanted and how much and where it is. 

But when I'm gone of course I can't stay here: 

EstenVs to take me when she's settled down. 

He and I only hinder one another. 

I tell them they can't get me through the door, 

though: 

I've been built in here like a big church organ. 
We've been here fifteen years.' 

'That's a long time 
To live together and then pull apart. 

98 



How do you see him living when you're gone? 
Two of you out will leave an empty house/ 

1 don't just see him living many years, 

Left here with nothing but the furniture. 

I hate to think of the old place when we're gonfc, 

With the brook going by below the yard, 

And no one here but hens blowing about. 

If he could sell the place, but then, he can't: 

No one will ever live on it again. 

It's too run down. This is the last of it. 

What I think he will do, is let things smash. 

He'll sort of swear the time away. He's awful! 

I never saw a man let family troubles 

Make so much difference in his man's affairs. 

He's just dropped everything. He's like a child. 

I blame his being brought up by his mother. 

He's got hay down that's been rained on three times. 

He hoed a little yesterday for me: 

I thought the growing things would do him good. 

Something went wrong. I saw him throw the hoe 

Sky-high with both hands. I can see it now 

Come here I'll show you in that apple tree. 

That's no way for a man to do at his age: 

He's fifty-five, you know, if he's a day.' 

'Aren't you afraid of him? What's that gun for?' 

'Oh, that's been there for hawks since chicken-time. 
John Hall touch me! Not if he knows his friends. 

99 



I'll say that for him ; John's no threatener 
Like some men folk. No one's afraid of him; 
All is, he's made up his mind not to stand 
What he has got to stand.' 

' Where is Estelle? 

Couldn't one talk to her? What does she say? 
You say you don't know where she is.' 

v Nor wanttol 

She thinks if it was bad to live with him, 
It must be right to leave him.' 

1 Which is wrong!' 
'Yes, but he should have married her.' 

'I know.' 

J The strain's been too much for her fjl these years: 

[ can't explain it any other way. 

It's different with a man, at least with John: 

He knows he's kinder than the run of men. 

Better than married ought to be as good 

As married that's what he has always said. 

t know the way he's felt but all the same!' 

1 wonder why he doesn't marry her 
And end it.' 



10O 



'Too late now: she wouldn't have him. 
He's given her time to think of something else. 
That's his mistake. The dear knows my interest 
Has been to keep the thing from breaking up. 
This is a good home: I don't ask for better. 
But whenl' ve said, ' ' Why shouldn't they be married/*' 
He'd say, " Why should they?" no more words that 
that.' 

'And after all why should they? John's been fair 
I take it. What was his was always hers. 
There was no quarrel about property.' 

'Reason enough, there was no property. 
A friend or two as good as own the farm, 
Such as it is. It isn't worth the mortgage/ 

'I mean Estelle has always held the purse/ 

'The rights of that are harder to get at. 
I guess Estelle and I have filled the purse. 
'Twas we let him have money, not he us. 
John's a bad farmer. I'm not blaming him. 
Take it year in, year out, he doesn't make much. 
We came here for a home for me, you know, 
Estelle to do the housework for the board 
Of both of us. But look how it turns out: 
She seems to have the housework, and besides 
Half of the outdoor work, though as for that, 
He'd say she does it more because she likes it. 

101 



You see our pretty things are all outdoors. 

Our hens and cows and pigs are always better 

Than folks like us have any business with. 

Farmers around twice as well off as we 

Haven't as good. They don't go with the farm. 

One thing you can't help liking about John, 

He's fond of nice things too fond, some would say. 

But Estelle don't complain: she's like him there. 

She wants our hens to be the best there are. 

You never saw this room before a show, 

Full of lank, shivery, half-drowned birds 

In separate coops, having their plumage done. 

The smell of the wet feathers in the heat! 

You spoke of John's not being safe to stay with. 

You don't know what a gentle lot we are: 

We wouldn't hurt a hen! You ought to see us 

Moving a flock of hens from place to place. 

We're not allowed to take them upside down, 

All we can hold together by the legs. 

Two at a time's the rule, one on each arm, 

No matter how far and how many times 

We have to go/ 

' You mean that's John's idea/ 

'And we live up to it; or I don't know 
What childishness he wouldn't give way to. 
He manages to keep the upper hand 
On his own farm. He's boss. But as to hens: 
We fence our flowers in and the hens range. 

102 



Nothing's too good for them. We say it pays. 
John likes to tell the offers he has had, 
Twenty for this cock, twenty-five for that. 
He never takes the money. If they're worth 
That much to sell, they ' re worth as much to keep. 
Bless you, it's all expense, though. Reach me down 
The little tin box on the cupboard shelf, 
The upper shelf, the tin box. That's the one. 
Til show you. Here you are/ 

'What's this?' 

'Abill- 

For fifty dollars for one Langshang cock 
Receipted. And the cock is in the yard/ 

'Not in a glass case, then?' 

'He'd need a tall one: 
He can eat off a barrel from the ground. 
He's been in a glass case, as you may say, 
The Crystal Palace, London. He's imported. 
John bought him, and we paid the bill with beads-* 
Wampum, I call it. Mind, we don't complain. 
But you see, don't you, we take care of him.' 

'And like it, too. It makes it all the worse/ 

'It seems as if. And that's not all: he's helpless 
In ways that I can hardly tell you of. 

103 



Sometimes he gets possessed to keep accounts 
To see where all the money goes so fast. 
You know how men will be ridiculous. 
But it's just fun the way he gets bedeviled 
If he's untidy now, what will he be?' 

J It makes it all the worse. You must be blind/ 
'Estelle's the one. You needn't talk to me/ 

J Can't you and I get to the root of it? 

What's the real trouble? What will satisfy her?' 

"It's as I say; she's turned from him, that's ali/ 

'But why, when she's well off? Is it the neighbours, 
Being cut off from friends?' 

< We have our friends. 
That isn't it. Folks aren't afraid of us/ 

'She's let it worry her. You stood the strain, 
And you're her mother/ 

'But I didn't always. 
I didn't relish it along at first. 
But I got wonted to it. And besides 
John said I was too old to have grandchildren. 
But what's the use of talking when it's done? 
She won't come back it's worse than that she can't. 1 

104 



< Why do you speak like that? What do you know? 
What do you mean? she's done harm to herself?' 

'I mean she's marriedmarried someone else/ 
'Oho, oho!' 

'You don't believe me/ 

'Yes, I do, 

Only too well. I knew there must be something! 
So that was what was back. She's bad, that's all!' 

'Bad to get married when she had the chance?' 
'Nonsense! See what she's done! But who, but who 

'Who'd marry her straight out of such a mess? 
Say it right out no matter for her mother. 
The man was found. I'd better name no names. 
John himself won't imagine who he is/ 

'Then it's all up. I think I'll get away. 
You'll be expecting John. I pity Estelle; 
I suppose she deserves some pity, too. 
You ought to have the kitchen to yourself 
To break it to him. You may have the job/ 

'You needn't think you're going to get away, 
John's almost here. I've had my eye on someone 

105 



Coming down Ryan's Hill. I thought 'twas him. 
Here he is now. This box! Put it away. 
And this bill/ 

What's the hurry? He'll unhitch/ 

'No, he won't, either. He'll just drop the reins 
And turn Doll out to pasture, rig and all. 
She won't get far before the wheels hang up 
On something there's no harm. See, there he is! 
My, but he looks as if he must have heard!' 

John threw the door wide but he didn't enter. 
'How are you, neighbour? Just the man I'm after. 
Isn't it Hell,' he said. 'I want to know. 
Come out here if you want to hear me talk. 
Til talk to you, old woman, afterward. 
I've got some news that maybe isn't news. 
What are they trying to do to me, these two? 7 

'Do go along with him and stop his shouting/ 
She raised her voice against the closing door: 
"Who wants to hear your news, youdreadful fool?' 



106 



THE FEAR 

A lantern light from deeper in the barn 
Shone on a man and woman in the door 
And threw their lurching shadows on a house 
Near by, all dark in every glossy window. 
A horse's hoof pawed once the hollow floor, 
And the back of the gig they stood beside 
Moved in a little. The man grasped a wheel, 
The woman spoke out sharply, 'Whoa, stand still! 
I saw it just as plain as a white plate/ 
She said, 'as the light on the dashboard ran 
Along the bushes at the roadside a man's face. 
You must have seen it too/ 

1 didn't see it. 
Are you sure' 

' Yes, I'm sure!' 

'it was a face?' 

*}oel, Til have to look. I can't go in, 
I can't, and leave a thing like that unsettled. 
Doors locked and curtains drawn will make no dif- 
ference. 

I always have felt strange when we came home 
To the dark house after so long an absence, 
And the key rattled loudly into place 

107 



Seemed to warn someone to be getting out 
At one door as we entered at another. 
What if Fm right, and someone all the time- 
Don' t hold my arm!' 

1 say it's someone passing/ 

'You speak as if this were a travelled road. 
You forget where we are. What is beyond 
That he'd be going to or coming from 
At such an hour of night, and on foot too? 
What was he standing still for in the bushes?' 

It's not so very late -it's only dark. 

There's more in it than you're inclined to say. 

Did he look like-?' 

'He looked like anyone. 
I'll never rest to-night unless I know. 
Give me the lantern.' 

'You don't want the lantern. 
She pushed past him and got it for herself. 

'You're not to come/ she said. 'This is my business 
If the time's come to face it, Fm the one 
To put it the right way. He'd never dare 
Listen! He kicked a stone. Hear that, hear that! 
He's coming towards us. Joel, go in please. 
Hark! 1 don't hear him now. But please go in/ 

108 



'In the first place you can't make me believe 

it's-' 

'It is or someone else he's sent to watch. 
And now's the time to have it out with him 
While we know definitely where he is. 
Let him get off and he'll be everywhere 
Around us, looking out of trees and bushes 
Till I sha'n't dare to set a foot outdoors. 
And I can't stand it. Joel, let me go!' 

'But it's nonsense to think he'd care enough.' 

( You mean you couldn't understand his caring. 
Oh, but you see he hadn't had enough- 
Joel; I won't I won' t I promise you. 
We mustn't say hard things. You mustn't either.' 

Til be the one, if anybody goes! 

But you give him the advantage with this light. 

What couldn't he do to us standing here! 

And if to see was what he wanted, why 

He has seen all there was to see and gone/ 

He appeared to forget to* keep his hold, 

But advanced with her as she crossed the grass. 

4 What do you want?' she cried to all the dark. 
She stretched up tall to overlook the light 
That hung in both hands hot against her skirt. 



'There's no one; so you're wrong/ he said. 

'There ib. 

What do you want?' she cried, and then herself 
Was startled when an answer really came. 

'Nothing/ It came from well along the road. 

She reached a hand to Joel for support: 

The smell of scorching woollen made her faint. 

"What are you doing round this house at night?' 
'Nothing.' A pause: there seemed no more to say. 

And then the voice again: You seem afraid. 
I saw by the way you whipped up the horse. 
I'll just come forward in the lantern light 
And let you see.' 

'Yes, do. Joel, go back!' 

She stood her ground against the noisy steps 
That came on, but her body rocked a little. 

'You see/ the voice said. 

'Oh.' She looked and looked. 



110 



1 You don't secI've a child here by the hand. 
A robber wouldn't have his family with him/ 

* What's a child doing at this time of night?' 

'Out walking. Every child should have the memory 
Of at least one long-after-bedtime walk. 
What, son?' 

'Then I should think you'd try to find 
Somewhere to walk' 

'The highway, as it happens- 
We're stopping for the fortnight down at Dean's.' 

'But if that's all Joelyou realize 

You won't think anything. You understand? 

You understand that we have to be careful. 

This is a very, very lonely place. 

Joel!' She spoke as if she couldn't turn. 

The swinging lantern lengthened to the ground, 

It touched, it struck, it clattered and went out. 



Ill 



THE WOOD-PILE 

Out walking in the frozen swamp one grey day, 

I paused and said, 'I will turn back from here. 

No, I will go on farther and we shall see/ 

The hard snow held me, save where now and then 

One foot went through. The view was all in lines 

Straight up and down of tall slim trees 

Too much alike to mark or name a place by 

So as to say for certain I was here 

Or somewhere else: I was just far from home. 

A small bird flew before me. He was careful 

To put a tree between us when tye lighted, 

And say no word to tell me who he was 

Who was so foolish as to think what he thought. 

He thought that I was after him for a feather 

The white one in his tail; like one who takes 

Everything said as personal to himself. 

One flight out sideways would have undeceived him. 

And then there was a pile of wood for which 

I forgot him and let his little fear 

Carry him off the way I might have gone, 

Without so much as wishing him good-night. 

He went behind it to make his last stand. 

It was a cord of maple, cut and split 

And piled and measured, four by four by eight. 

And not another like it could I see. 

No runner tracks in this year's snow looped near it. 

And it was older sure than this year's cutting, 

112 



Or even last year's or the year's before. 

The wood was grey and the bark warping off it 

And the pile somewhat sunken. Clematis 

Had wound strings round and round it like a bundle, 

What held it though on one side was a tree 

Still growing, and on one a stake and prop, 

These latter about to fall. I thought that only 

Someone who lived in turning to fresh tasks 

Could so forget his handiwork on which 

He spent himself, the labour of his axe, 

And leave it there far from a useful fireplace 

To warm the frozen swamp as best it could 

With the slow smokeless burning of decay. 



GOOD HOURS 

I had for my winter evening walk 
No one at all with whom to talk, 
But I had the cottages in a row 
Up to their shining eyes in snow. 

And I thought I had the folk within: 
I had the sound of a violin; 
I had a glimpse through curtain laces 
Of youthful forms and youthful faces 

I had such company outward bound. 
I went till there were no cottages found. 
I turned and repented, but coming back 
I saw no window but that was black. 

Over the snow my creaking feet 
Disturbed the slumbering village street 
Like profanation, by your leave. 
At ten o'clock of a winter eve. 



114 



Mountain Interval 



THE ROAD NOT TAKEN 

1 wo roads diverged in a yellow wood, 
And sorry I could not travel both 
And be one traveler, long I stood 
And looked down one as far as I could 
To where it bent in the undergrowth; 

Then took the other, as just as fair, 
And having perhaps the better claim, 
Because it was grassy and wanted wear; 
Though as for that the passing there 
Had worn them really about the same, 

And both that morning equally lay 
In leaves no step had trodden black. 
Oh, I kept the first for another day! 
Yet knowing how way leads on to way, 
I doubted if I should ever come back. 

I shall be telling this with a sigh 
Somewhere ages and ages hence: 
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I 
I took the one less traveled by, 
And that has made all the difference. 



CHRISTMAS TREES 

A CHRISTMAS CIRCULAR LETTER 

The city had withdrawn into itself 

And left at last the country to the country; 

When between whirls of snow not come to lie 

And whirls of foliage not yet laid, there drove 

A stranger to our yard, who looked the city, 

Yet did in country fashion in that there 

He sat and waited till he drew us out 

A-buttoning coats to ask him who he was. 

He proved to be the city come again 

To look for something it had left behind 

And could not do without and keep its Christmas. 

He asked if I would sell my Christmas trees; 

My woods the young fir balsams like a place 

Where houses all are churches and have spires. 

I hadn't thought of them as Christmas trees. 

I doubt if I was tempted for a moment 

To sell them off their feet to go in cars 

And leave the slope behind the house all bare, 

Where the sun shines now no warmer than the moon. 

I'd hate to have them know it if I was. 

Yet more I'd hate to hold my trees except 

As others hold theirs or refuse for them, 

Beyond the time of profitable growth, 

The trial by market everything must come to. 

I dallied so much with the thought of selling. 

Then whether from mistaken courtesy 

118 



And fear of seeming short of speech, or whether 
From hope of hearing good of what was mine, 
I said, 'There aren't enough to be worth while/ 

'I could soon tell how many they would cut, 
You let me look them over/ 

'You could look. 

But don't expect I'm going to let you have them/ 
Pasture they spring in, some in clumps too close 
That lop each other of boughs, but not a few 
Quite solitary and having equal boughs 
All round and round. The latter he nodded 'Yes' to, 
Or paused to say beneath some lovelier one, 
With a buyer's moderation, 'That would do/ 
I thought so too, but wasn't there to say so. 
We climbed the pasture on the south, crossed over, 
And came down on the north. 

He said, 'A thousand/ 
'A thousand Christmas trees! at what apiece? J 

He felt some need of softening that to me: 

' A thousand trees would come to thirty dollars/ 

Then I was certain I had never meant 

To let him have them. Never show surprise! 

But thirty dollars seemed so small beside 

The extent of pasture I should strip, three cents 

119 



(For that was all they figured out apiece), 
Three cents so small beside the dollar friends 
I should be writing to within the hour 
Would pay in cities for good trees like those, 
Regular vestry-trees whole Sunday Schools 
Could hang enough on to pick off enough. 
A thousand Christmas trees I didn't know I had! 
Worth three cents more to give away than sell 
As may be shown by a simple calculation. 
Too bad I couldn't lay one in a letter. 
I can't help wishing I could send you one, 
In wishing you herewith a Merry Christmas. 



120 



AN OLD MAN'S WINTER NIGHT 

All out of doors looked darkly in at him 
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars. 
That gathers on the pane in empty rooms. 
What kept his eyes from giving back the gaze 
Was the lamp tilted near them in his hand. 
What kept him from remembering the need 
That brought him to that creaking room was age. 
He stood with barrels round him at a loss. 
And having scared the cellar under him 
In clomping there, he scared it once again 
In clomping off;- and scared the outer night, 
Which has its sounds, familiar, like the roar 
Of trees and crack of branches, common things, 
But nothing so like beating on a box. 
A light he was to no one but himself 

aiHaO ' 

Where now he sat, concerned with he knew what, 

A quiet light, and then not even that. 

He consigned to the moon, such as she was, 

So late-arising, to the broken moon 

As better than the sun in any case 

For such a charge, his snow upon the roof, 

His icicles along the wall to keep; 

And slept. The log that shifted with a jolt 

Once in the stove, disturbed him and he shifted, 

And eased his heavy breathing, but still slept. 

One aged manone mancan't keep a house, 

12! 



A farm, a countryside, or if he can, 
It's thus he does it of a winter night. 



122 



THE TELEPHONE 

\Vhen I was just as far as I could walk 
From here to-day, 
There was an hour 
All still 

When leaning with my head against a flower 
I heard you talk. 

Don't say I didn't, for I heard you say 
You spoke from that flower on the window sill- 
Do you remember what it was you said?' 

'First tell me what it was you thought you heard.' 

' Having found the flower and driven a bee away, 

I leaned my head, 

And holding by the stalk, 

I listened and I thought I caught the word 

What was it? Did you call me by my name? 

Or did you say 

Someone said "Com^" I heard it as I bowed/ 

'I may have thought as much, but not aloudo ' 
' Well, so I came" 



123 



HYLA BROOK 

JDy June our brook's run out of song and speed. 

Sought for much after that, it will be found 

Either to have gone groping underground 

(And taken with it all the Hyla breed 

That shouted in the mist a month ago, 

Like ghost of sleigh-bells in a ghost of snow) - 

Or flourished and come up in jewel-weed, 

Weak foliage that is blown upon and bent 

Even against the way its waters went. 

Its bed is left a faded paper sheet 

Of dead leaves stuck together by the heat 

A brook to none but who remember long. 

This as it will be seen is other far 

Than with brooks taken otherwhere in song. 

We love the things we love for what they are. 



124 



THE OVEN BIRD 

1 here is a singer everyone has heard, 
Loud, a mid-summer and a mid- wood bird, 
Who makes the solid tree trunks sound again. 
He says that leaves are old and that for flowers 
Mid-summer is to spring as one to ten. 
Ke says the early petal-fall is past 
When pear and cherry bloom went down in showers 
On sunny days a moment overcast; 
And comes that other fall we name the fall. 
He says the highway dust is over all. 
The bird would cease and be as other birds 
But that he knows in singing not to sing. 
The question that he frames in all but words 
Is what to make of a diminished thing. 



BOND AND FREE 

.Love has earth to which she clings 
With hills and cii cling arms about- 
Wall within wall to shut fear out. 
But Thought has need of no such things, 
For Thought has a pair of dauntless wings. 

On snow and sand and turf, I see 
Where Love has left a printed trace 
With straining in the world's embrace. 
And such is Love and glad to be. 
But Thought has shaken his ankles free. 

Thought cleaves the interstellar gloom 
And sits in Sirius' disc all night, 
Till day makes him retrace his flight, 
With smell of burning on every plume, 
Back past the sun to an earthly room. 

His gains in heaven are what they are. 
Yet some say Love by being thrall 
And simply staying possesses all 
In several beauty that Thought fares far 
To find fused in another star. 



126 



Small good to anything growing wild, 
They were crooking many a trillium 

That had budded before the boughs v/ere piled 
And since it was coming up had to come. 



131 



PUTTING IN THE SEED 

You come to fetch me from my work to-night 

When supper's on the table, and we'll see 

If I can leave off burying the white 

Soft petals fallen from the apple tree 

(Soft petals, yes, but not so barren quite, 

Mingled with these, smooth bean and wrinkled pea;) 

And go along with you ere you lose sight 

Of what you came for and become like me, 

Slave to a springtime passion for the earth. 

How Love burns through the Putting in the Seed 

On through the watching for that early birth 

When, just as the soil tarnishes with weed, 

The sturdy seedling with arched body comes 
Shouldering its way and shedding the earth crumbs. 



A TIME TO TALK 

\Vhen a friend calls to me from the road 

And slows his horse to a meaning walk, 

I don't stand still and look around 

On all the hills I haven't hoed, 

And shout from where I am, 'What is it?' 

No, not as there is a time to talk. 

1 thrust my hoe in the mellow ground., 

Blade-end up and five feet tall, 

And plod. I go up to the stone wall 

For a friendly visit. 



133 



THE COW IN APPLE TIME 

oomething inspires the only cow of late 

To make no more of a wall than an open gate, 

And think no more of wall-builders than fools. 

Her face is flecked with pomace and she drools 

A cider syrup. Having tasted fruit, 

She scorns a pasture withering to the root. 

She runs from tree to tree where lie and sweeten 

The windfalls spiked with stubble and worm-eaten. 

She leaves them bitten when she has to fly. 

She bellows on a knoll against the sky. 

Her udder shrivels and the milk goes dry. 



134 



AN ENCOUNTER 

Once on the kind of day called < weather breeder/ 

When the heat slowly hazes and the sun 

By its own power seems to be undone, 

I was half boring through, half climbing through 

A swamp of cedar. Choked with oil of cedar 

And scurf of plants, and weary and over-heated, 

And sorry I ever left the road I knew, 

I paused and rested on a sort of hook 

That had me by the coat as good as seated, 

And since there was no other way to look, 

Looked up toward heaven, and there against the blue, 

Stood over me a resurrected tree, 

A tree that had been down and raised again 

A barkless spectre. He had halted too, 

As if for fear of treading upon me. 

I saw the strange position of his hands 

Up at his shoulders, dragging yellow strands 

Of wire with something in it from men to men. 

4 You here?' I said. 'Where aren't you nowadays? 

And what's the news you carry if you know? 

And tell me where you're off tor Montreal? 

Me? I'm not off for anywhere at all. 

Sometimes I wander out of beaten ways 

Half looking for the orchid Calypso/ 



135 



RANGE-FINDING 

The battle rent a cobweb diamond-strung 

And cut a flower beside a ground bird's nest 

Before it stained a single human breast. 

The stricken flower bent double and so hung. 

And still the bird revisited her young. 

A butterfly its fall had dispossessed 

A moment sought in air his flower of rest, 

Then lightly stooped to it and fluttering clung. 

On the bare upland pasture there had spread 
Overnight 'twixt mullein stalks a wheel of thread 
And straining cables wet with silver dew. 
A sudden passing bullet shook it dry. 
The indwelling spider ran to greet the fly, 
But finding nothing, sullenly withdrew. 



136 



THE HILL WIFE 

LONELINESS 
Her Word 

One ought not to have to care 

So much as you and I 
Care when the birds come round the house 

To seem to say good-bye; 

Or care so much when they come back 
With whatever it is they sing; 

The truth being we are as much 
Too glad for the one thing 

As we are too sad for the other here 
With birds that fill their breasts 

But with each other and themselves 
And their built or driven nests. 

HOUSE FEAR 

Always I tell you this they learned 
Always at night when they returned 
To the lonely house from far away 
To lamps unlighted and fire gone gray, 
They learned to rattle the lock and key 
To give whatever might chance to be 
Warning and time to be off in flight: 



And preferring the out- to the in-door night, 
They learned to leave the house-door wide 
Until they had lit the lamp inside. 

THE SMILE 
Her Word 

I didn't like the way he went away. 

That smile! It never came of being gay. 

Still he smileddid you see him? I was sure! 

Perhaps because we gave htm only bread 

And the wretch knew from that that we were poor 

Perhaps because he let us give instead 

Of seizing from us as he might have seized. 

Perhaps he mocked at us for being wed, 

Or being very young (and he was pleased 

To have a vision of us old and dead). 

I wonder how far down the road he's got. 

He's watching from the woods as like as not. 

THE OFT-REPEATED DREAM 

She had no saying dark enough 

For the dark pine that kept 
Forever trying the window-latch 

Of the room where they slept. 

The tireless but ineffectual hands 
That with every futile pass 



Made the great tree seem as a little bird 
Before the mystery of glass! 

It never had been inside the room, 

And only one of the two 
Was afraid in an oft-repeated dream 

Of what the tree might do. 



THE IMPULSE 

It was too lonely for her there, 

And too wild, 
And since there were but two of them, 

And no child, 

And work was little in the house. 

She was free, 
And followed where he furrowed field, 

Or felled tree. 

She rested on a log and tossed 

The fresh chips, 
With a song only to herself 

On her lips. 

And once she went to break a bough 

Of black alder. 
She strayed so far she scarcely heard 

When he called her 



139 



And didn't answer didn't speak 

Or return. 
She stood, and then she ran and hid 

In the fern. 

He never found her, though he looked 

Everywhere, 
And he asked at her mother's house 

V/as she there. 

Sudden and swift and light as that 

The ties gave, 
And he learned of finalities 

Besides the grave. 



140 



THE BONFIRE 



, let's go up the hill and scare ourselves, 
As reckless as the best of them to-night, 
By setting fire to all the brush we piled 
With pitchy hands to wait for rain or snow. 
Oh, let's not wait for rain to make it safe. 
The pile is ours: we dragged it bough on bough 
Down dark converging paths between the pines. 
Let's not care what we do with it to-night. 
Divide it? No! But burn it as one pile 
The way we piled it. And let's be the talk 
Of people brought to windows by a light 
Thrown from somewhere against their wall-paper. 
Rouse them all, both the free and not so free 
With saying what they'd like to do to us 
For what they'd better wait till we have done. 
Let's all but bring to life this old volcano, 
If that is what the mountain ever was 
And scare ourselves. Let wild fire loose we will . . 

'And scare you too?' the children said together. 

* Why wouldn't it scare me to have a fire 

Begin in smudge with ropy smoke and know 

That still, if I repent, I may recall it, 

But in a moment not: a little spurt 

Of burning fatness, and then nothing but 

The fire itself can put it out, and that 

141 



By burning out, and before it burns out 
It will have roared first and mixed sparks with stars > 
And sweeping round it with a flaming sword, 
Made the dim trees stand back in wider circle- 
Done so much and I know not how much more 
I mean it shall not do if I can bind it. 
Well if it doesn't with its draft bring on 
A wind to blow in earnest from some quarter, 
As once it did with me upon an April. 
The breezes were so spent with winter blowing 
They seemed to fail the bluebirds under them 
Short of the perch their languid flight was toward, 
And my flame made a pinnacle to heaven 
As I walked once around it in possession. 
But the wind out of doorsyou know the saying. 
There came a gust. You used to think the trees 
Made wind by fanning since you never knew 
It blow but that you saw the trees in motion. 
Something or someone watching made that gust. 
It put the flame tip-down and dabbed the grass 
Of over- winter with the least tip-touch 
Your tongue gives salt or sugar in your hand. 
The place it reached to blackened instantly. 
The black was almost all there was by day-light, 
That and the merest curl of cigarette smoke 
And a flame slender as the hepaticas, 
Blood-root, and violets so soon to be now. 
But the black spread like black death on the ground, 
And I think the sky darkened with a cloud 
Like winter and evening coming on together. 

142 



They were enough things to be thought of then. 
Where the field stretches toward the north 
And setting sun to Hyla brook, I gave it 
To flames without twice thinking, where it verges 
Upon the road, to flames too, though in fear 
They might find fuel there, in withered brake, 
Grass its full length, old silver golden-rod, 
And alder and grape vine entanglement, 
To leap the dusty deadline. For my own 
I took what front there was beside. I knelt 
And thrust hands in and held my face away. 
Fight such a fire by rubbing not by beating. 
A board is the best weapon if you have it. 
I had my coat. And oh, I knew, I knew, 
And said out loud, I couldn't bide the smother 
And heat so close in; but the thought of all 
The woods and town on fire by me, and all 
The town turned out to fight for me that held me. 
I trusted the brook barrier, but feared 
The road would fail; and on that side the fire 
Died not without a noise of crackling wood 
Of something more than tinder-grass and weed- 
That brought me to my feet to hold it back 
By leaning back myself, as if the reins 
Were round my neck and I was at the plough, 
I won! But I'm sure no one ever spread 
Another color over a tenth the space 
That I spread coal-black over in the time 
It took me. Neighbors coming home from town 
Couldn't believe that so much black had come there 

143 



While they had backs turned, that it hadn't been there 
When they had passed an hour or so before 
Going the other way and they not seen it. 
They looked about for someone to have done it. 
But there was no one. I was somewhere wondering 
Where all my weariness had gone and why 
I walked so light on air in heavy shoes 
In spite of a scorched Fourth-of-July feeling. 
Why wouldn't I be scared remembering that?' 

'If it scares you, what will it do to us?' 

'Scare you. But if you shrink from being scared, 
What would you say to war if it should come? 
That's what for reasons I should like to know 
If you can comfort me by any answer.' 

'Oh, but war's not for childrenit's for men.' 

'Now we are digging almost down to China. 

My dears, my dears, you thought that we all thought 

it. 

So your mistake was ours. Haven't you heard, though, 
About the ships where war has found them out 
At sea, about the towns where war has come 
Through opening clouds at night with droning speed 
Further o'erhead than all but stars and angels, 
And children in the ships and in the towns? 
Haven't you heard what we have lived to learn? 
Nothing so new something we had forgotten: 

144 



War is for everyone, for children too. 
I wasn't going to tell you and I mustn't. 
The best way is to come up hill with me 
And have our fire and laugh and be afraid/ 



145 



THE LAST WORD OF A BLUEBIRD 
AS TOLD TO A CHILD 

As I went out a Crow 

In a low voice said 'Oh ; 

I was looking for you. 

How do you do? 

I just came to tell you 

To tell Lesley (will you?) 

That her little Bluebird 

Wanted me to bring word 

That the north wind last night 

That made the stars bright 

And made ice on the trough 

Almost made him cough 

His tail feathers off. 

He just had to fly! 

But he sent her Good-bye, 

And said to be good, 

And wear her red hood, 

And look for skunk tracks 

In the snow with an axe 

And do everything! 

And perhaps in the spring 

He would come back and sing.' 



146 



'OUT, 



1 he buzz-saw snarled and rattled in the yard 
And made dust and dropped stove-length sticks of 

wood, 

Sweet-scented stuff when the breeze drew across it. 
And from there those that lifted eyes could count 
Five mountain ranges one behind the other 
Under the sunset far into Vermont. 
And the saw snarled and rattled, snarled and rattled, 
As it ran light, or had to bear a load. 
And nothing happened: day was all but done. 
Call it a day, I wish they might have said 
To please the boy by giving him the half hour 
That a boy counts so much when saved from work. 
His sister stood beside them in her apron 
To tell them 'Supper.' At the word, the saw, 
As if to prove saws knew what supper meant, 
Leaped out at the boy's hand, or seemed to leap- 
He must have given the hand. However it was, 
Neither refused the meeting. But the hand! 
^ ne boy's first outcry was a rueful laugh, 
As he swung toward them holding up the hand 
Half in appeal, but half as if to keep 
The life from spilling. Then the boy saw ail- 
Since he was old enough to know, big boy 
Doing a man's work, though a child at heart- 
He saw all spoiled. 'Don't let him cut my hand off 
The doctor, when he comes. Don't let him, sister P 

147 



So. But the hand was gone already. 

The doctor put him in the dark of ether. 

He lay and puffed his lips out with his breath. 

And then the watcher at his pulse took fright. 

No one believed. They listened at his heart. 

Littleless nothing! and that ended it. 

No more to build on there. And they, since they 

Were not the one dead, turned to their affairs. 



148 



BROWN'S DESCENT 

OR 

THE WILLY-NILLY SLIDE 

Drown lived at such a lofty farm 
That everyone for miles could see 

His lantern when he did his chores 
In winter after half-past three. 

And many must have seen him make 
His wild descent from there one night, 

'Cross lots, 'cross walls, 'cross everything, 
Describing rings of lantern light. 

Between the house and barn the gale 
Got him by something he had on 

And blew him out on the icy crust 

That cased the world, and he was gone! 

Walls were all buried, trees were few: 

He saw no stay unless he stove 
A hole in somewhere with his heel. 

But though repeatedly he strove 

And stamped and said things to himself, 
And sometimes something seemed to yield, 

He gained no foothold, but pursued 
His journey down from field to field. 



149 



Sometimes he came with arms outspread 
Like wings, revolving in the scene 

Upon his longer axis, and 

With no small dignity of mien. 

Faster or slower as he chanced, 

Sitting or standing as he chose, 
According as he feared to risk 

His neck, or thought to spare his clothes, 

He never let the lantern drop. 

And some exclaimed who saw afar 
The figures he described with it, 

( I wonder what those signals are 

Brown makes at such an hour of night! 

He's celebrating something strange. 
I wonder if he's sold his farm, 

Or been made Master of the Grange/ 

He reeled, he lurched, he bobbed, he checked; 

He fell and made the lantern rattle 
(But saved the light from going out.) 

So half-way down he fought the battle, 

Incredulous of his own bad luck. 

And then becoming reconciled 
To everything, he gave it up 

And came down like a coasting child. 

150 



' Well-I-be-' that was all he said, 
As standing in the river road, 

He looked back up the slippery slope 
(Two miles it was) to his abode. 

Sometimes as an authority 
On motor-cars, Fm asked if I 

Should say our stock was petered out, 
And this is my sincere reply: 

Yankees are what they always were. 

Don't think Brown ever gave up hope 
Of getting home again because 

He couldn't climb that slippery slope; 

Or even thought of standing there 

Until the January thaw 
Should take the polish off the crust. 

He bowed with grace to natural law, 

And then went round it on his feet, 
After the manner of our stock; 

Not much concerned for those to whom, 
At that particular time o'clock, 

It must have looked as if the course 
He steered was really straight away 

From that which he was headed for 
Not much concerned for them, I say; 



151 



No more so than became a man 
And politician at odd seasons. 

I've kept Brown standing in the cold 
While I invested him with reasons; 

But now he snapped his eyes three times; 

Then shook his lantern, saying, He's 
'Bout out!' and took the long way home 

By road, a matter of several miles. 



152 



THE GUM-GATHERER 

There overtook me and drew me in 

To his down-hill, early-morning stride, 

And set me five miles on my road 

Better than if he had had me ride, 

A man with a swinging bag for load 

And half the bag wound round his hand. 

We talked like barking above the din 

Of water we walked along beside. 

And for my telling him where I'd been 

And where I lived in mountain land 

To be coming home the way I was, 

He told me a little about himself. 

He came from higher up in the pass 

Where the grist of the new-beginning brooks 

Is blocks split off the mountain mass 

And hopeless grist enough it looks 

Ever to grind to soil for grass. 

(The way it is will do for moss.) 

There he had built his stolen shack. 

It had to be a stolen shack 

Because of the fears of fire and loss 

That trouble the sleep of lumber folk: 

Visions of half the world burned black 

And the sun shrunken yellow in smoke. 

We know who when they come to town 

Bring berries under the wagon seat, 

Or a basket of eggs between their feet; 



153 



What this man brought in a cotton sack 
Was gum, the gum of the mountain spruce. 
He showed me lumps of the scented stuff 
Like uncut jewels, dull and rough. 
It conies to market golden brown; 
But turns to pink between the teeth. 

I told him this is a pleasant life 
To set your breast to the bark of trees 
That all your days are dim beneath, 
And reaching up with a little knife, 
To loose the resin and take it down 
And bring it to market when you please. 



154 



THE LINE-GANG 

Jriere come the line-gang pioneering by. 
They throw a forest down less cut than broken. 
They plant dead trees for living, and the dead 
They string together with a living thread. 
They string an instrument against the sky 
Wherein words whether beaten out or spoken 
Will run as hushed as when they were a thought. 
But in no hush they string it: they go past 
With shouts afar to pull the cable taut, 
To hold it hard until they make it fast, 
To ease away they have it. With a laugh, 
An oath of towns that set the wild at naught 
They bring the telephone and telegraph. 



155 



THE VANISHING RED 

lie is said to have been the last Red Man 

In Acton. And the Miller is said to have laughed 

If you like to call such a sound a laugh. 

But he gave no one else a laughter's license. 

For he turned suddenly grave as if to say, 

' Whose business,if I take it on myself, 

Whose businessbut why talk round the barn? 

When it's just that I hold with getting a thing done 

with. 

You can't get back and see it as he saw it. 
It's too long a story to go into now. 
You'd have to have been there and lived it. 
Then you wouldn't have looked on it as just a matter 
Of who began it between the two races. 

Some guttural exclamation of surprise 
The Red Man gave in poking about the mill 
Over the great big thumping shuffling mill-stone 
Disgusted the Miller physically as coming 
From one who had no right to be heard from. 
'Come, John/ he said, 'you want to see the wheel pit? > 

He took him down below a cramping rafter, 
And showed him, through a manhole in the floor, 
The water in desperate straits like frantic fish, 
Salmon and sturgeon, lashing with their tails. 
Then he shut down the trap door with a ring in it 

156 



That jangled even above the general noise, 
And came up stairs alone and gave that laugh, 
And said something to a man with a meal-sack 
That the man with the meal-sack didn't catch then. 
Oh, yes, he showed John the wheel pit all right. 



157 



SNOW 

1 he three stood listening to a fresh access 
Of wind that caught against the house a moment, 
Gulped snow, and then blew free again the Coles 
Dressed, but dishevelled from some hours of sleep, 
Meserve belittled in the great skin coat he wore. 

Meserve was first to speak. He pointed backward 
Over his shoulder with his pipe-stem, saying, 
* You can just see it glancing off the roof 
Making a great scroll upward toward the sky, 
Long enough for recording all our names on. 
I think Til just call up my wife and tell her 
I'm here so far and starting on again. 
I'll call her softly so that if she's wise 
And gone to sleep, she needn't wake to answer/ 
Three times he barely stirred the bell, then listened. 
'Why, Lett, still up? Lett, I'm at Cole's. I'm late. 
I called you up to say Good-night from here 
Before I went to say Good-morning there. 
I thought I would. I know, but, Lett I know 
I could, but what's the sense? The rest won't be 
So bad. Give me an hour for it. Ho, ho, 
Three hours to here! But that was all up hill; 
The rest is down. Why no, no, not a wallow: 
They kept their heads and took their time to it 
Like darlings, both of them. They're in the barn. 



158 



My dear, I'm coming just the same. I didn't 
Call you to ask you to invite me home. ' 
He lingered for some word she wouldn't say, 
Said it at last himself, * Good-night/ and then 
Getting no answer, closed the telephone. 
The three stood in the lamplight round the table 
With lowered eyes a moment till he said, 
Til just see how the horses are/ 

1 Yes, do/ 

Both the Coles said together. Mrs. Cole 
Added: ' You can judge better after seeing. 
I want you here with me, Fred. Leave him here, 
Brother Meserve. You know to find your way 
Out through the shed/ 

'I guess I know my way, 
I guess I know where I can find my name 
Carved in the shed to tell me who I am 
If it don't tell me where I am. I used 
To play' 

* You tend your horses and come back. 
Fred Cole, you're going to let him!' 

'Well, aren't you: 
How can you help yourself?' 

'I called him Brother. 
Why did I call him that?' 



159 



'It's right enough. 

That's all you ever heard him called round here. 
He seems to have lost off his Christian name/ 

'Christian enough I should call that myself. 

He took no notice, did he? Well, at least 

I didn't use it out of love of him, 

The dear knows. I detest the thought of him 

With his ten children under ten years old. 

I hate his wretched little Racker Sect, 

All's ever I heard of it, which isn't much. 

But that's not saying Look, Fred Cole, it's twelve, 

Isn't it, now? He's been here half an hour. 

He says he left the village store at nine. 

Three hours to do four miles a mile an hour 

Or not much better. Why, it doesn't seem 

As if a man could move that slow and move. 

Try to think what he did with all that time. 

And three miles more to go!' 

'Don't let him go. 

Stick to him, Helen. Make him answer you. 
That sort of man talks straight on all his life 
From the last thing he said himself, stone deaf 
To anything anyone else may say. 
I should have thought, though, you could make him 
hear you/ 

'What is he doing out a night like this? 
Why can't he stay at home?' 

16O 



'He had to preach/ 
'It's no night to be out.' 

'He may be small, 
He may be good, but one thing's sure, he's tough. 1 

'And strong of stale tobacco/ 

'He'll pull through.' 

'You only say so. Not another house 
Or shelter to put into from this place 
To theirs. I'm going to call his wife again.' 

' Wait and he may. Let's see what he will do. 
Let's see if he will think of her again. 
But then I doubt he's thinking of himself. 
He doesn't look on it as anything.' 

'He shan't go there!' 

'It is a night, my dear.' 
'One thing: he didn't drag God into it.' 
'He don't consider it a case for God.' 

'You think so, do you? You don't know the kind. 
He's getting up a miracle this minute. 

161 



Privatelyto himself, right now, he's thinking 
He*!! make a case of it if he succeeds, 
But keep still if he fails/ 

'Keep still all over. 
He'll be dead dead and buried/ 

'Such a trouble! 

Not but I've every reason not to care 
What happens to him if it only takes 
Some of the sanctimonious conceit 
Out of one of those pious scalawags/ 

'Nonsense to that! You want to see him safe/ 
"You like the runt/ 

'Don't you a little?' 

'Well, 

I don't like what he's doing, which is what 
You like, and like him for/ 

'Oh, yes you do. 

You like your fun as well as anyone; 
Only you women have to put these airs on 
To impress men. You've got us so ashamed 
Of being men we can't look at a good fight 
Between two boys and not feel bound to stop it. 
Let the man freeze an ear or two, I say. 

162 



He's here. I leave him all to you. Go in 

And save his life. All right, come in, Meserve. 

Sit down, sit down. How did you find the horses? 1 

Tine, fine/ 

t And ready for some more? My wife her 
Says it wont do. You've got to give it up/ 

'Won't you to please me? Please! If I say please? 
Mr. Meserve, I'll leave it to your wife. 
What did your wife say on the telephone?' 

Meserve seemed to heed nothing but the lamp 
Or something not far from it on the table. 
By straightening out and lifting a forefinger, 
He pointed with his hand from where it lay 
Like a white crumpled spider on his knee: 
'That leaf there in your open book! It moved 
Just then, I thought. It's stood erect like that, 
There on the table, ever since I came, 
Trying to turn itself backward or forward, 
I've had my eye on it to make out which; 
If forward, then it's with a friend's impatience 
You see I know to get you on to things 
It wants to see how you will take, if backward 
It's from regret for something you have passed 
And failed to see the good of. Never mind, 
Things must expect to come in front of us 
A many times I don't say just how many 

163 



That varies with the things before we see them. 

One of the lies would makfe it out that nothing 

Ever presents itself before us twice. 

Where would we be at last if that were so? 

Our very life depends on everything's 

Recurring till we answer from within. 

The thousandth time may prove the charm. That 

leaf! 

It can't turn either way. It needs the wind's help. 
But the wind didn't move it if it moved. 
It moved itself. The wind's at naught in here. 
It couldn't stir so sensitively poised 
A thing as that. It couldn't reach the lamp 
To get a puff of black smoke from the flame, 
Or blow a rumple in the collie's coat. 
You make a little foursquare block of air, 
Quiet and light and warm, in spite of all 
The illimitable dark and cold and storm, 
And by so doing give these three, lamp, dog, 
And book-leaf, that keep near you, their repose; 
Though for all anyone can tell, repose 
May be the thing you haven't, yet you give it. 
So false it is that what we haven't we can't give; 
So false, that what we always say is true. 
I'll have to turn the leaf if no one else will. 
It won't lie down. Then let it stand. Who cares?' 

1 shouldn't want to hurry you, Meserve, 
But if you're going Say you'll stay, you know* 
But let me raise this curtain on a scene, 

164 



And show you how it's piling up against you. 
You see the snow-white through the white of frost? 
Ask Helen how far up the sash it's climbed 
Since last we read the gage/ 

'It looks as if 

Some pallid thing had squashed its features flat 
And its eyes shut with overeagerness 
To see what people found so interesting 
In one another, and had gone to sleep 
Of its own stupid lack of understanding, 
Or broken its white neck of mushroom stuff 
Short off, and died against the window-pane/ 

'Brother Meserve, take care, you'll scare yourself 
More than you will us with such nightmare talk. 
It's you it matters to, because it's you 
Who have to go out into it alone.' 

'Let him talk, Helen, and perhaps he'll stay/ 

'Before you drop the curtain I'm reminded: 

You recollect the boy who came out here 

To breathe the air one winter had a room 

Down at the Averys'? Well, one sunny morning 

After a downy storm, he passed our place 

And found me banking up the house with snow. 

And I was burrowing in deep for warmth, 

Piling it well above the window-sills. 

The snow against the window caught his eye. 

165 



"Hey, that's a pretty thought " those were his 

words. 

"So you can think it's six feet deep outside, 
While you sit warm and read up balanced rations. 
You can't get too much winter in the winter." 
Those were his words. And he went home and all 
But banked the daylight out of Avery's windows. 
Now you and I would go to no such length. 
At the same time you can't deny it makes 
It not a mite worse, sitting here, we three, 
Playing our fancy, to have the snowliiie run 
So high across the pane outside. There where 
There is a sort of tunnel in the frost 
More like a tunnel than a hole way down 
At the far end of it you see a stir 
And quiver like the frayed edge of the drift 
Blown in the wind. I like that I like that. 
Well, now I leave you, people.' 

'Come, Meserve, 

We thought you were deciding not to go 
The ways you found to say the praise of comfort 
And being where you are. You want to stay/ 

Til own it's cold for such a fall of snow. 
This house is frozen brittle, all except 
This room you sit in. If you think the wind 
Sounds further off, it's not because it's dying; 
You're further under in the snow that's all 
\nd feel it less. Hear the soft bombs of dust 

166 



It bursts against us at the chimney mouth, 
And at the eaves. I like it from inside 
More than I shall out in it. But the horses 
Are rested and it's time to say good-night, 
And let you get to bed again. Good-night, 
Sorry I had to break in on your sleep/ 

* Lucky for you you did. Lucky for you 
You had us for a half-way station 
To stop at. If you were the kind of man 
Paid heed to women, you'd take my advice 
And for your family's sake stay where you are. 
But what good is my saying it over and over? 
You've done more than you had a right to think 
You could donoiu. You know the risk you take 
In going on.' 

'Our snow-storms as a rule 
Aren't looked on as man-killers, and although 
I'd rather be the beast that sleeps the sleep 
Under it all, his door sealed up and lost, 
Than the man fighting it to keep above it, 
Yet think of the small birds at roost and not 
In nests. Shall I be counted less than they are? 
Their bulk in water would be frozen rock 
In no time out to-night. And yet to-morrow 
They will come budding boughs from tree to tree 
Flirting their wings and saying Chickadee, 
As if not knowing what you meant by the word 
storm.' 

167 



'But why when no one wants you to go on? 
Your wifeshe doesn't want you to. We don't, 
And you yourself don't want to. Who else is there?' 

'Save us from being cornered by a woman. 

Well, there's' She told Fred afterward that in 

The pause right there, she thought the dreaded word 

Was coming, 'God/ But no, he only said 

' Well, there's the storm. That says I must go on. 

That wants me as a war might if it came. 

Ask any man/ 

He threw her that as something 
To last her till he got outside the door. 
He had Cole with him to the barn to see him off. 
When Cole returned he found his wife still standing 
Beside the table near the open book, 
Not reading it. 

'Well, what kind of a man 
Do you call that?' she said. 

'He had the gift 
Of words, or is it tongues, I ought to say? ; 

* Was ever such a man for seeing likeness?' 

'Ov disregarding people's civil questions 

What? We've found out in one hour more about him 

Than we had seeing him pass by in the road 

168 



A thousand times. If that's the way he preaches! 
You didn't think you'd keep him after all. 
Oh, I'm not blaming you. He didn't leave you 
Much say in the matter, and I'm just as glad 
We're not in for a night of him. No sleep 
If he had stayed. The least thing set him going. 
It's quiet as an empty church without him.' 

'But how much better off are we as it is? 
We'll have to sit here till we know he's safe.' 

'Yes, I suppose you'll want to, but I shouldn't. 
He knows what he can do, or he wouldn't try. 
Get into bed I say, and get some rest. 
He won't come back, and if he telephones, 
It won't be for an hour or two.' 

' Well then. 

We can't be any help by sitting here 
And living his fight through with him, I suppose.' 



Cole had been telephoning in the dark. 
Mrs. Cole's voice came from an inner room: 
'Did she call you or you call her?' 

'She me. 

You'd better dress: you won't go back to bed. 
We must have been asleep: it's three and after/ 

169 



'Had she been ringing long? FI1 get my wrapper. 
I want to speak to her/ 

'All she said was, 
He hadn't come and had he really started/ 

'She knew he had, poor thing, two hours ago/ 
'He had the shovel. He'll have made a fight/ 
'Why did I ever let him leave this house 1 / 

'Don't begin that. You did the best you could 
To keep him though perhaps you didn't quite 
Conceal a wish to see him show the spunk 
To disobey you. Much his wife'll thank you/ 

'Fred, after all I said! You shan't make out 
That it was any way but what it was. 
Did she let on by any word she said 
She didn't thank me?' 

'When I told her "Gone," 

ll Wdlthcn/ > shcsaid,and"Wcllthcn"-likcathrcat. 
And then her voice came scraping slow: "Oh, you, 
Why did you let him go?" ' 

'Asked why we let him? 
You let me there. Fll ask her why she let him. 

170 



She didn't dare to speak when he was here 

Their number's twenty-one? The thing won't work 

Someone's receiver's down. The handle stumbles. 

The stubborn thing, the way it jars your arm! 

It's theirs. She's dropped it from her hand and gone, 

Try speaking. Say "Hello!" ' 

'Hello. Hello/ 
'What do you hear?' 

'I hear an empty room 

You know it sounds that way. And yes, I hear 
I think I hear a clock and windows rattling. 
No step though. If she's there she's sitting down/ 

'Shout; she may hear you/ 

'Shouting is no good/ 
'Keep speaking then/ 

'Hello. Hello. Hello. 
You don't suppose? She wouldn't go out doors?' 

Tm half afraid that's just what she might do/ 

'And leave the children?' 

171 



' Wait and call again. 

You can't hear whether she has left the door 
Wide open and the wind's blown out the lamp 
And the fire's died and the room's dark and cold?' 

'One of two things, either she's gone to bed 
Or gone out doors.' 

'In which case both are lost. 

Do you know what she's like? Have you ever met her? 
It's strange she doesn't want to speak to us/ 

'Fred, see if you can hear what I hear. Come/ 
'A clock maybe/ 

'Don't you hear something else?' 
'Not talking/ 

'No/ 

' Why, yes, I hear what is it?' 
' What do you say it is?' 

'A baby's crying! 

Frantic it sounds, though muffled and far off. 
Its mother wouldn't let it cry like that, 
Not if she's there/ 

172 



* What do you make of it?' 

there's only one thing possible to make, 

That is, assuming that she has gone out. 

Of course she hasn't though.' They both sat down 

Helpless. 'There's nothing we can do till morning.' 

'Fred, I shan't let you think of going out/ 

'Hold on/ The double bell began to chirp. 

They started up. Fred took the telephone. 

'Hello, Meserve. You're there, then! And your wife? 

Good! Why I asked she didn't seem to answer. 

He says she went to let him in the barn. 

We're glad. Oh, say no more about it, man. 

Drop in and see us when you're passing.' 

'Well, 

She has him then, though what she wants him for 
I don't see.' 

'Possibly not for herself. 
Maybe she only wants him for the children/ 

'The whole to-do seems to have been for nothing. 
What spoiled our night was to him just his fun. 
What did he come in for? To talk and visit? 
Thought he'd just call to tell us it was snowing. 
If he thinks he is going to make our house 
A half-way coffee house 'twixt town and nowhere' 

173 



'I thought you'd feel you'd been too much concerned 
'You think you haven't been concerned yourself.' 

'If you mean he was inconsiderate 
To rout us out to think for him at midnight 
And then take our advice no more than nothing, 
Why, I agree with you. But let's forgive him. 
We've had a share in one night of his life. 
What'll you bet he ever calls again?' 



174 



THE SOUND OF THE TREES 

I wonder about the trees. 

Why do we wish to bear 

Forever the noise of these 

More than another noise 

So close to our dwelling place? 

We suffer them by the day 

Till we lose all measure of pace, 

And fixity in our joys, 

And acquire a listening air. 

They are that that talks of going 

But never gets away; 

And that talks no less for knowing, 

As it grows wiser and older, 

That now it means to stay. 

My feet tug at the floor 

And my head sways to my shoulder 

Sometimes when I watch trees sway, 

From the window or the door. 

I shall set forth for somewhere, 

I shall make the reckless choice 

Some day when they are in voice 

And tossing so as to scare 

The white clouds over them on. 

I shall have less to say, 

But I shall be gone. 



175 



New Hampshire 



NEW HAMPSHIRE 

1 met a lady from the South who said 
(You won't believe she said it, but she said it): 
'None of my family ever worked, or had 
A thing to sell/ I don't suppose the work 
Much matters. You may work for all of me. 
I've seen the time I've had to work myself. 
The having anything to sell is what 
Is the disgrace in man or state or nation. 

I met a traveller from Arkansas 

Who boasted of his state as beautiful 

For diamonds and apples. 'Diamonds 

And apples in commercial quantities?' 

I asked him, on my guard. ( Oh yes/ he answered, 

Off his. The time was evening in the Pullman. 

'I see the porter's made your bed/ I told him. 

I met a Californian who would 

Talk California a state so blessed, 

He said, in climate, none had ever died there 

A natural death, and Vigilance Committees 

Had had to organize to stock the graveyards 

And vindicate the state's humanity. 

'Just the way Steffanson runs on/ I murmured, 

'About the British Arctic. That's what comes 

Of being in the market with a climate.' 

179 



I met a poet from another state, 
A zealot full of fluid inspiration, 
Who in the name of fluid inspiration, 
But in the best style of bad salesmanship, 
Angrily tried to make me write a protest 
(In verse I think) against the Volstead Act. 
He didn't even offer me a drink 
Until I asked for one to steady him. 
This is called having an idea to sell. 

It never could have happened in New Hampshire. 

The only person really soiled with trade 

I ever stumbled on in old New Hampshire 

Was someone who had just come back ashamed 

From selling things in California. 

He'd built a noble mansard roof with balls 

On turrets like Constantinople, deep 

In woods some ten miles from a railroad station, 

As if to put forever out of mind 

The hope of being, as we say, received. 

I found him standing at the close of day 

Inside the threshold of his open barn, 

Like a lone actor on a gloomy stage 

&nd recognized him through the iron grey 

In which his face was muffled to the eyes 

As an old boyhood friend, and once indeed 

A drover with me on the road to Brighton. 

His farm was 'grounds,' and not a farm at all; 

His house among the local sheds and shanties 

180 



Rose like a factor's at a trading station. 

And he was rich, and I was still a rascal. 

I couldn't keep from asking impolitely, 

Where had he been and what had he been doing? 

How did he get so? (Rich was understood.) 

In dealing in 'old rags' in San Francisco. 

Oh it was terrible as well could be. 

We both of us turned over in our graves. 

Just specimens is all New Hampshire has, 

One each of everything as in a show-case 

Which naturally she doesn't care to sell 

She had one President (pronounce him Purse, 
And make the most of it for better or worse. 
He's your one chance to score against the state), 
She had one Daniel Webster. He was all 
The Daniel Webster ever was or shall be. 
She had the Dartmouth needed to produce him. 

I call her old. She has one family 
Whose claim is good to being settled here 
Before the era of colonization, 
And before that of exploration even. 
John Smith remarked them as he coasted by 
Dangling their legs and fishing off a wharf 
At the Isles of Shoals, and satisfied himself 
They weren't Red Indians, but veritable 
Pre-primitives of the white race, dawn people, 
Like those who furnished Adam's sons with 
wives; 



However uninnocent they may have been 

In being there so early in our history. 

They'd been there then a hundred years or more. 

Pity he didn't ask what they were up to 

At that date with a wharf already built, 

And take their name. They've since told me their 

name- 
Today an honored one in Nottingham. 
As for what they were up to more than fishing- 
Suppose they weren't behaving Puritanly, 
The hour had not yet struck for being good, 
Mankind had not yet gone on the Sabbatical. 
It became an explorer of the deep 
Not to explore too deep in others' business. 
Did you but know of him, New Hampshire has. 
One real reformer who would change the world 
So it would be accepted by two classes, 
Artists the minute they set up as artists, 
Before, that is, they are themselves accepted, 
And boys the minute they get out of college. 
I can't help thinking those are tests to go by. 

And she has one I don't know what to call him, 
Who comes from Philadelphia every year 
With a great flock of chickens of rare breeds 
He wants to give the educational 
Advantages of growing almost wild 
Under the watchful eye of hawk and eagle- 
Dorkings because they're spoken of by Chaucer 
Sussex because they're spoken of by Herrick. 

182 



She has a touch of gold. New Hampshire gold 

You may have heard of it. I had a farm 

Offered me not long since up Berlin way 

With a mine on it that was worked for gold; 

But not gold in commercial quantities. 

Just enough gold to make the engagement rings 

And marriage rings of those who owned the farm. 

What gold more innocent could one have asked for? 

One of my children ranging after rocks 

Lately brought home from Andover or Canaan 

A specimen of beryl with a trace 

Of radium. I know with radium 

The trace would have to be the merest trace 

To be below the threshold of commercial; 

But trust New Hampshire not to have enough 

Of radium or anything to sell. 

A specimen of everything, I said. 

She has one witch old style. She lives in Colebrook. 

(The only other witch I ever met 

Was lately at a cut-glass dinner in Boston. 

There were four candles and four people present. 

The witch was young, and beautiful (new style), 

And open-minded. She was free to question 

Her gift for reading letters locked in boxes. 

Why was it so much greater when the boxes 

Were metal than it was when they were wooden? 

It made the world seem so mysterious. 

The S'ciety for Psychical Research 

Was cognizant. Her husband was worth millions. 

I think he owned some shares in Harvard College.) 

183 



New Hampshire used to have at Salem 

A company we called the White Corpuscles, 

Whose duty was at any hour of night 

To rush in sheets and fools* caps where they smelled 

A thing the least bit doubtfully perscented 

And give someone the Skipper Ireson's Ride. 

One each of everything as in a show-case. 

More than enough land for a specimen 

You'll say she has, but there there enters in 

Something else to protect her from herself. 

There quality makes up for quantity. 

Not even New Hampshire farms are much for sale. 

The farm I made my home on in the mountains 

I had to take by force rather than buy. 

I caught the owner outdoors by himself 

Raking up after winter, and I said, 

I'm going to put you off this farm: I want it/ 

* Where are you going to put me? In the road?* 

Tm going to put you on the farm next to it.' 

Why won't the farm next to it do for you?' 

1 like this better/ It was really better. 

Apples? New Hampshire has them, but unsprayed, 

With no suspicion in stem-end or blossom-end 

Of vitriol or arsenate of lead, 

And so not good for anything but cider. 

Her unpruned grapes are flung like lariats 

Far up the birches out of reach of man. 

184 



A state producing precious metals, stones, 
And writing; none of these except perhaps 
The precious literature in quantity 
Or quality to worry the producer 
About disposing of it. Do you know, 
Considering the market, there are more 
Poems produced than any other thing? 
No wonder poets sometimes have to seem 
So much more business-like than business men. 
Their wares are so much harder to get rid of. 

She's one of the two best states in the Union. 

Vermont's the other. And the two have been 

Yoke-fellows in the sap-yoke from of old 

In many Marches. And they lie like wedges, 

Thick end to thin end and thin end to thick end, 

And are a figure of the way the strong 

Of mind and strong of arm should fit together, 

One thick where one is thin and vice versa. 

New Hampshire raises the Connecticut 

In a trout hatchery near Canada, 

But soon divides the river with Vermont. 

Both are delightful states for their absurdly 

Small townsLost Nation, Bungey, Muddy Boo, 

Poplin, Still Corners (so called not becaiise 

The place is silent all day long, nor yet 

Because it boasts a whisky still because 

It set out once to be a city and still 

Is only corners, cross- roads in a wood). 

185 



And I remember one whose name appeared 
Between the pictures on a movie screen 
Election night once in Franconia, 
When everything had gone Republican 
And Democrats were sore in need of comfort: 
Easton goes Democratic, Wilson 4 
Hughes 2. And everybody to the saddest 
Laughed the loud laugh, the big laugh at the little. 
New York (five million) laughs at Manchester, 
Manchester (sixty or seventy thousand) laughs 
At Littleton (four thousand), Littleton 
Laughs at Franconia (seven hundred), and 
Franconia laughs, I fear, -did laugh that night 
At Easton. What has Easton left to laugh at, 
And like the actress exclaim, 'Oh my God' at? 
There's Bungey; and for Bungey there are towns, 
Whole townships named but without population. 

Anything I can say about New Hampshire 
Will serve almost as well about Vermont, 
Excepting that they differ in their mountains. 
The Vermont mountains stretch extended straight; 
New Hampshire mountains curl up in a coil. 

I had been coming to New Hampshire mountains. 

And here I am and what am I to say? 

Here first my theme becomes embarrassing. 

Emerson said, 'The God who made New Hampshire 

Taunted the lofty land with little men.' 

Another Massachusetts poet said, 

186 



'I go no more to summer in New Hampshire. 

IVe given up my summer place in Dublin/ 

But when I asked to know what ailed New Hampshire. 

She said she couldn't stand the people in it, 

The little men (it's Massachusetts speaking). 

And when I asked to know what ailed the people, 

She said, 'Go read your own books and find out.' 

I may as well confess myself the author 

Of several books against the world in general. 

To take them as against a special state 

Or even nation's to restrict my meaning. 

I'm what is called a sensibilitist, 

Or otherwise an environmentalist. 

I refuse to adapt myself a mite 

To any change from hot to cold, from wet 

To dry, from poor to rich, or back again. 

I make a virtue of my suffering 

From nearly everything that goes on round me. 

In other words, I know wherever I am, 

Being the creature of literature I am, 

I shall not lack for pain to keep me awake. 

Kit Marlowe taught me how to say my prayers: 

'Why, this is Hell, nor am I out of it/ 

Samoa, Russia, Ireland I complain of, 

No less than England, France and Italy. 

Because I wrote my novels in New Hampshire 

Is no proof that I aimed them at New Hampshire. 



When I left Massachusetts years ago 
Between two days, the reason why I sought 



187 



New Hampshire, not Connecticut, 

Rhode Island, New York, or Vermont was this: 

Where I was living then, New Hampshire offered 

The nearest boundary to escape across. 

I hadn't an illusion in my hand-bag 

About the people being better there 

Than those I left behind. I thought they weren't. 

I thought they couldn't be. And yet they were. 

I'd sure had no such friends in Massachusetts 

As Hall of Windham, Gay of Atkinson, 

Bartlett of Raymond (now of Colorado), 

Harris of Derry, and Lynch of Bethlehem 

The glorious bards of Massachusetts seem 

To want to make New Hampshire people over. 

They taunt the lofty land with little men. 

I don't know what to say about the people. 

For art's sake one could almost wish them worse 

Rather than better. How are we to write 

The Russian novel in America 

As long as life goes so unterribly? 

There is the pinch from which our only outcry 

In literature to date is heard to come. 

We get what little misery we can 

Out of not having cause for misery. 

It makes the guild of novel writers sick 

To be expected to be Dostoievskis 

On nothing worse than too much luck and comfort. 

This is not sorrow, though; it's just the vapors, 

And recognized as such in Russia itself 

188 



Under the new regime, and so forbidden. 
If well it is with Russia, then feel free 
To say so or be stood against the wall 
And shot. It's Pollyanna now or death. 
This, then, is the new freedom we hear tell of; 
And very sensible. No state can build 
A literature that shall at once be sound 
And sad on a foundation of well-being, 

To show the level of intelligence 

Among us: it was just a Warren farmer 

Whose horse had pulled him short up in the road 

By me, a stranger. This is what he said, 

From nothing but embarrassment and want 

Of anything more sociable to say: 

' You hear those hound-dogs sing on Moosilauke? 

Well they remind me of the hue and cry 

We've heard against the Mid- Victorians 

And never rightly understood till Bryan 

Retired from politics and joined the chorus. 

The matter with the Mid- Victorians 

Seems to have been a man named John L. Darwin/ 

'Go 'long/ I said to him, he to his horse. 

I knew a man who failing as a farmer 

Burned down his farmhouse for the fire insurance. 

And spent the proceeds on a telescope 

To satisfy a life-long curiosity 

About our place among the infinities. 

And how was that for other-worldliness? 

189 



If I must choose which I would elevate 
The people or the already lofty mountains, 
Td elevate the already lofty mountains. 
The only fault I find with old New Hampshire 
Is that her mountains aren't quite high enough. 
I was not always so; I've come to be so. 
How, to my sorrow, how have I attained 
A height from which to look down critical 
On mountains? What has given me assurance 
To say what height becomes New Hampshire moun- 
tains, 

Or any mountains? Can it be some strength 
I feel as of an earthquake in my back 
To heave them higher to the morning star? 
Can it be foreign travel in the Alps? 
Or having seen and credited a moment 
The solid moulding of vast peaks of cloud 
Behind the pitiful reality 
Of Lincoln, Lafayette and Liberty? 
Or some such sense as says how high shall jet 
The fountain in proportion to the basin? 
No, none of these has raised me to my throne 
Of intellectual dissatisfaction, 
But the sad accident of having seen 
Our actual mountains given in a map 
Of early times as twice the height they are- 
Ten thousand feet instead of only five 
Which shows how sad an accident may be. 
Five thousand is no longer high enough. 
Whereas I never had a good idea 

190 



About improving people in the world, 

Here I am over-fertile in suggestion, 

And cannot rest from planning day or night 

How high Fd thrust the peaks in summer snow 

To tap the upper sky and draw a flow 

Of frosty night air on the vale below 

Down from the stars to freeze the dew as starry. 

The more the sensibilitist I am 
The more I seem to want my mountains wild; 
The way the wiry gang-boss liked the log-jam. 
After he'd picked the lock and got it started, 
He dodged a log that lifted like an arm 
Against the sky to break his back for him, 
Then came in dancing, skipping, with his life 
Across the roar and chaos, and the words 
We saw him say along the zigzag journey 
Were doubtless as the words we heard him say 
On coming nearer: 'Wasn't she an i-deal 
Son-of-a-bitch? You bet she was an t-deal.' 

For all her mountains fall a little short, 
Her people not quite short enough for Art, 
She's still New Hampshire, a most restful state. 

Lately in converse with a New York alec 
About the new school of the pseudo-phallic, 
I found myself in a close corner where 
I had to make an almost funny choice. 
'Choose you which you will bea prude, or puke, 

191 



Mewling and puking in the public arms/ 
'Me for the hills where I don't have to choose/ 
'But if you had to choose, which would you be?' 
I wouldn't be a prude afraid of nature. 
I know a man who took a double axe 
And went alone against a grove of trees; 
But his heart failing him, he dropped the axe 
And ran for shelter quoting Matthew Arnold: 
'Nature is cruel, man is sick of blood; 
There's been enough shed without shedding mine. 
Remember Birnam Wood! The wood's in flux!' 
He had a special terror of the flux 
That showed itself in dendrophobia. 
The only decent tree had been to mill 
And educated into boards, he said. 
He knew too well for any earthly use 
The line where man leaves off and nature starts, 
And never over-stepped it save in dreams. 
He stood on the safe side of the line talking; 
Which is sheer Matthew Arnoldism, 
The cult of one who owned himself 'a foiled, 
Circuitous wanderer,' and 'took dejectedly 
His seat upon the intellectual throne/ 
Agreed in frowning on these improvised 
Altars the woods are full of nowadays, 
Again as in the days when Ahaz sinned 
By worship under green trees in the open. 
Scarcely a mile but that I come on one, 
A black-cheeked stone and stick of rain-washed 
charcoal 

192 



Even to say the groves were God's first temples 

Comes too near to Ahaz' sin for safety. 

Nothing not built with hands of course is sacred. 

But here is not a question of what's sacred; 

Rather of what to face or run away from. 

I'd hate to be a runaway from nature. 

And neither would I choose to be a puke 

Who cares not what he does in company, 

And, when he can't do anything, falls back 

On words, and tries his worst to make words speak 

Louder than actions, and sometimes achieves it. 

It seems a narrow choice the age insists on. 

How about being a good Greek, for instance? 

That course, they tell me, isn't offered this year. 

'Come, but this isn't choosing puke or prude?' 

Well, if I have to choose one or the other, 

I choose to be a plain New Hampshire farmer 

With an income in cash of say a thousand 

(From say a publisher in New York City). 

It's restful to arrive at a decision, 

And restful just to think about New Hampshire. 

At present I am living in Vermont. 



193 



A STAR IN A STONE-BOAT 
(For Lincoln MacVeagh) 

L Sever tell me that not one star of all 

That slip from heaven at night and softly fall 

Has been picked up with stones to build a wall. 

Some laborer found one faded and stone cold, 
And saving that its weight suggested gold, 
And tugged it from his first too certain hold, 

He noticed nothing in it to remark. 

He was not used to handling stars thrown dark 

And lifeless from an interrupted arc. 

He did not recognize in that smooth coal 
The one thing palpable besides the soul 
To penetrate the air in which we roll. 

He did not see how like a flying thing 

It brooded ant-eggs, and had one large wing, 

One not so large for flying in a ring, 

And a long Bird of Paradise's tail, 

(Though these when not in use to fly and trail 

It drew back in its body like a snail); 

Nor know that he might move it from the spot, 
The harm was done; from having been star-shot 
The very nature of the soil was hot 

194 



And burning to yield flowers instead of grain, 
Flowers fanned and not put out by all the rain 
Poured on them by his prayers prayed in vain. 

He moved it roughly with an iron bar, 
He loaded an old stone-boat with the star 
And not, as you might think, a flying car, 

Such as even poets would admit perforce 
More practical than Pegasus the horse 
If it could put a star back in its course. 

He dragged it through the ploughed ground at a pace 
But faintly reminiscent of the race 
Of jostling rock in interstellar space. 

It went for building stone, and I, as though 

Commanded in a dream, forever go 

To right the wrong that this should have been so. 

Yet ask where else it could have gone as well, 
I do not know I cannot stop to tell: 
He might have left it lying where it fell. 

From following walls I never lift my eye 
Except at night to places in the sky 
Where showers of charted meteors let fly. 



195 



Some may know what they seek in school and church, 
And why they seek it there; for what I search 
I must go measuring stone walls, perch on perch; 

Sure that though not a star of death and birth, 
So not to be compared, perhaps, in worth 
To such resorts of life as Mars and Earth, 

Though not, I say, a star of death and sin, 
It yet has poles, and only needs a spin 
To show its worldly nature and begin 

To chafe and shuffle in my calloused palm 
And run off in strange tangents with my arm 
As fish do with the line in first alarm. 

Such as it is, it promises the prize 
Of the one world complete in any size 
That I am like to compass, fool or wise. 



THE CENSUS-TAKER 

1 came an errand one cloud-blowing evening 

To a slab-built, black-paper-covered house 

Of one room and one window and one door, 

The only dwelling in a waste cut over 

A hundred square miles round it in the mountains: 

And that not dwelt in now by men or women. 

(Ir never had been dwelt in, though, by women, 

So what is this I make a sorrow of?) 

I came as census-taker to the waste 

To count the people in it and found none, 

None in the hundred miles, none in the house, 

Where I came last with some hope, but not much 

After hours' overlooking from the cliffs 

An emptiness flayed to the very stone. 

I found no people that dared show themselves, 

None not in hiding from the outward eye. 

The time was autumn, but how anyone 

Could tell the time of year when every tree 

That could have dropped a leaf was down itself 

And nothing but the stump of it was left 

Now bringing out its rings in sugar of pitch; 

And every tree up stood a rotting trunk 

Without a single leaf to spend on autumn, 

Or branch to whistle after what was spent. 

Perhaps the wind the more without the help 

Of breathing trees said something of the time 

Of year or day the way it swung a door 

197 



Forever off the latch, as if rude men 

Passed in and slammed it shut each one behind him 

For the next one to open for himself. 

I counted nine I had no right to count 

(But this was dreamy unofficial counting) 

Before I made the tenth across the threshold. 

Where was my supper? Where was anyone's? 

No lamp was lit. Nothing was on the table. 

The stove was cold the stove was off the chimney 

And down by one side where it lacked a leg. 

The people that had loudly passed the door 

Were people to the ear but not the eye. 

They were not on the table with their elbows. 

They were not sleeping in the shelves of bunks. 

I saw no men there and no bones of men there. 

I armed myself against such bones as might be 

With the pitch-blackened stub of an axe-handle 

I picked up off the straw-dust covered floor. 

Not bones, but the ill-fitted window rattled. 

The door was still because I held it shut 

While I thought what to do that could be done 

About the house about the people not there. 

This house in one year fallen to decay 

Filled me with no less sorrow than the houses 

Fallen to ruin in ten thousand years 

Where Asia wedges Africa from Europe. 

Nothing was left to do that I could see 

Unless to find that there was no one there 

And declare to the cliffs too far for echo, 

f The place is desert and let whoso lurks 

198 



In silence, if in this he is aggrieved, 

Break silence now or be forever silent. 

Let him say why it should not be declared so/ 

The melancholy of having to count souls 

Where they grow fewer and fewer every year 

Is extreme where they shrink to none at all. 

It must be I want life to go on living. 



199 



THE STAR-SPLITTER 

< You know Orion always comes up sideways. 
Throwing a leg up over our fence of mountains. 
And rising on his hands, he looks in on me 
Busy outdoors by lantern-light with something 
I should have done by daylight, and indeed, 
After the ground is frozen, I should have done 
Before it froze, and a gust flings a handful 
Of waste leaves at my smoky lantern chimney 
To make fun of my way of doing things, 
Or else fun of Orion's having caught me. 
Has a man, I should like to ask, no rights 
These forces are obliged to pay respect to?' 
So Brad McLaughlin mingled reckless talk 
Of heavenly stars with hugger-mugger farming, 
Till having failed at hugger-mugger farming, 
He burned his house down for the fire insurance 
And spent the proceeds on a telescope 
To satisfy a life-long curiosity 
About our place among the infinities. 

What do you want with one of those blame things?' 

I asked him well beforehand. 'Don't you get one!' 

'Don't call it blamed; there isn't anything 

More blameless in the sense of being less 

A weapon in our human fight/ he said. 

Til have one if I sell my farm to buy it.' 

There where he moved the rocks to plow the ground 

200 



And plowed between the rocks he couldn't move, 

Few farms changed hands; so rather than spend years 

Trying to sell his farm and then not selling, 

He burned his house down for the fire insurance 

And bought the telescope with what it came to. 

He had been heard to say by several: 

'The best thing that we're put here for's to see; 

The strongest thing that's given us to see with's 

A telescope. Someone in every town 

Seems to me owes it to the town to keep one. 

In Littleton it may as well be me/ 

After such loose talk it was no surprise 

When he did what he did and burned his house down, 

Mean laughter went about the town that day 

To let him know we weren't the least imposed on, 

And he could wait we'd see to him to-morrow. 

But the first thing next morning we reflected 

If one by one we counted people out 

For the least sin, it wouldn't take us long 

To get so we had no one left to live with. 

For to be social is to be forgiving. 

Our thief, the one who does our stealing from us,s, 

We don't cut off from coming to church supper 

But what we miss we go to him and ask for. 

He promptly gives it back, that is if still 

Uneaten, unworn out, or undisposed of. 

It wouldn't do to be too hard on Brad 

About his telescope. Beyond the age 

Of being given one's gift for Christmas, 

2O1 



He had to take the best way he knew how 
To find himself in one. \Vell, all we said was 
He took a strange thing to be roguish over. 
Some sympathy was wasted on the house, 
A good old-timer dating back along; 
But a house isn't sentient; the house 
Didn't feel anything. And if it did, 
Why not regard it as a sacrifice, 
And an old-fashioned sacrifice by fire, 
Instead of a new-fashioned one at auction? 

Out of a house and so out of a farm 

At one stroke (of a match), Brad had to turn 

To earn a living on the Concord railroad, 

As under-ticket-agent at a station 

Where his job, when he wasn't selling tickets, 

\Vas setting out up track and down, not plants 

As on a farm, but planets, evening stars 

That varied in their hue from red to green. 

He got a good glass for six hundred dollars. 

His new job gave him leisure for star-gazing 

Often he bid me come and have a look 

Up the brass barrel, velvet black inside, 

At a star quaking in the other end. 

I recollect a night of broken clouds 

And underfoot snow melted down to ice, 

And melting further in the wind to mud. 

Bradford and I had out the telescope. 

^Ve spread our two legs as we spread its three, 

202 



Pointed our thoughts the way we pointed it, 

And standing at our leisure till the day broke, 

Said some of the best things we ever said. 

That telescope was christened the Star-splitter, 

Because it didn't do a thing but split 

A star in two or three the way you split 

A globule of quicksilver in your hand 

With one stroke of your finger in the middle. 

It's a star-splitter if there ever was one 

And ought to do some good if splitting stars 

'Sa thing to be compared with splitting wood. 

We've looked and looked, but after all where are we? 

Do we know any better where we are, 

And how it stands between the night to-night 

And a man with a smoky lantern chimney? 

How different from the way it ever stood? 



203 



THE AXE-HELVE 

I've known ere now an interfering branch 

Of alder catch my lifted axe behind me. 

But that was in the woods, to hold my hand 

From striking at another alder's roots, 

And that was, as I say, an alder branch. 

This was a man, Baptiste, who stole one day 

Behind me on the snow in my own yard 

Where I was working at the chopping-block, 

And cutting nothing not cut down already. 

He caught my axe expertly on the rise, 

When all my strength put forth was in his favor, 

Held it a moment where it was, to calm me, 

Then took it from me and I let him take it. 

I didn't know him well enough to know 

What it was all about. There might be something 

He had in mind to say to a bad neighbor 

He might prefer to say to him disarmed. 

But all he had to tell me in French-English 

Was what he thought of not me, but my axe; 

Me only as I took my axe to heart. 

It was the bad axe-helve some one had sold me 

'Made on machine/ he said, ploughing the grain 

With a thick thumbnail to show how it ran 

Across the handle's long drawn serpentine, 

Like the two strokes across a dollar sign. 

'You give her one good crack, she's snap raght off. 

Den where's your hax-ead flying through de hair?' 

Admitted; and yet, what was that to him? 

204 



'Come on my house and I put you one in 

What's las' awhile good hick'ry what's grow 

crooked, 

De second growt' I cut myself tough, tough!' 
Something to sell? That wasn't how it sounded. 

'Den when you say you come? It's cost you nothing 
To-naght?' 

As well to-night as any night. 

Beyond an over-warmth of kitchen stove 

My welcome differed from no other welcome. 

Baptiste knew best why I was where I was. 

So long as he would leave enough unsaid, 

I shouldn't mind his being overjoyed 

(If overjoyed he was) at having got me 

Where I must judge if what he knew about an axe 

That not everybody else knew was to count 

For nothing in the measure of a neighbor. 

Hard if, though cast away for life with Yankees, 

A Frenchman couldn't get his human rating! 

Mrs. Baptiste came in and rocked a chair 
That had as many motions as the world: 
One back and forward, in and out of shadow, 
That got her nowhere; one more gradual, 
Sideways, that would have run her on the stove 
In time, had she not realized her danger 
And caught herself up bodily, chair and all, 

20 s 



And set herself back where she started from. 
'She ain't spick too much Henglishdat's too bad/ 

I was afraid, in brightening first on me, 
Then on Baptiste, as if she understood 
What passed between us, she was only feigning. 
Baptiste was anxious for her; but no more 
Than for himself, so placed he couldn't hope 
To keep his bargain of the morning with me 
In time to keep me from suspecting him 
Of really never having meant to keep it. 

Needlessly soon he had his axe-helves out, 
A quiverful to choose from, since he wished me 
To have the best he had, or had to spare- 
Not for me to ask which, when what he took 
Had beauties he had to point me out at length 
To insure their not being wasted on me. 
He liked to have it slender as a whipstock, 
Free from the least knot, equal to the strain 
Of bending like a sword across the knee. 
He showed me that the lines of a good helve 
Were native to the grain before the knife 
Expressed them, and its curves were no false curves 
Put on it from without. And there its strength lay 
For the hard work. He chafed its long white body 
From end to end with his rough hand shut round it. 
He tried it at the eye-hole in the axe -head. 
'Hahn, hahn/ he mused, 'don't need much taking 
down/ 

206 



Baptiste knew how to make a short job long 
For love of it, and yet not waste time either. 

Do you know, what we talked about was knowledge? 

Baptiste on his defence about the children 

He kept from school, or did his best to keep 

Whatever school and children and our doubts 

Of laid-on education had to do 

With the curves of his axe-helves and his having 

Used these unscrupulously to bring me 

To see for once the inside of his house. 

Was I desired in friendship, partly as some one 

To leave it to, whether the right to hold 

Such doubts of education should depend 

Upon the education of those who held them? 

But now he brushed the shavings from his knee 
And stood the axe there on its horse's hoof, 
Erect, but not without its waves, as when 
The snake stood up for evil in the Garden, 
Top-heavy with a heaviness his short, 
Thick hand made light of, steel-blue chin drawn down 
And in a little a French touch in that. 
Baptiste drew back and squinted at it, pleased; 
'See how she's cock her head!' 



20? 



THE GRINDSTONE 

rlaving a wheel and four legs of its own 
Has never availed the cumbersome grindstone 
To get it anywhere that I can see. 
These hands have helped it go, and even race; 
Not all the motion, though, they ever lent, 
Not all the miles it may have thought it went, 
Have got it one step from the starting place. 
It stands beside the same old apple tree. 
The shadow of the apple tree is thin 
Upon it now, its feet are fast in snow. 
All other farm machinery's gone in, 
And some of it on no more legs and wheel 
Than the grindstone can boast to stand or go, 
(I'm thinking chiefly of the wheelbarrow.) 
For months it hasn't known the taste of steel, 
Washed down with rusty water in a tin. 
But standing outdoors hungry, in the cold, 
Except in towns at night, is not a sin. 
And, anyway, its standing in the yard 
Under a ruinous live apple tree 
Has nothing any more to do with me, 
Except that I remember how of old 
One summer day. all day I drove it hard, 
And someone mounted on it rode it hard, 
And he and I between us ground a blade. 

1 gave it the preliminary spin, 

And poured on water (tears it might have been); 

2O? 



And when it almost gayly jumped and flowed, 

A Father-Time-like man got on and rode, 

Armed with a scythe and spectacles that glowed. 

He turned on will-power to increase the load 

And slow me down and I abruptly slowed, 

Like coming to a sudden railroad station. 

I changed from hand to hand in desperation. 

I wondered what machine of ages gone 

This represented an improvement on. 

For all I knew it may have sharpened spears 

And arrowheads itself. Much use for years 

Had gradually worn it an oblate 

Spheroid that kicked and struggled in its gait, 

Appearing to return me hate for hate; 

(But I forgive it now as easily 

As any other boyhood enemy 

Whose pride has failed to get him anywhere). 

I wondered who it was the man thought ground 

The one who held the wheel back or the one 

Who gave his life to keep it going round? 

I wondered if he really thought it fair 

For him to have the say when we were done. 

Such were the bitter thoughts to which I turned. 

Not for myself was I so much concerned. 

Oh no! -although, of course, I could have found 

A better way to pass the afternoon 

Than grinding discord out of a grindstone, 

And beating insects at their gritty tune. 

Nor was I for the man so much concerned. 

209 



Once when the grindstone almost jumped its bearing 

It looked as if he might be badly thrown 

And wounded on his blade. So far from caring, 

I laughed inside, and only cranked the faster, 

(It ran as if it wasn't greased but glued); 

I'd welcome any moderate disaster 

That might be calculated to postpone 

What evidently nothing could conclude. 

The thing that made me more and more afraid 

Was that we'd ground it sharp and hadn't known. 

And now were only wasting precious blade. 

And when he raised it dripping once and tried 

The creepy edge of it with wary touch, 

And viewed it over his glasses funny-eyed, 

Only disinterestedly to decide 

It needed a turn more, I could have cried 

Wasn't there danger of a turn too much? 

Mightn't we make it worse instead of better? 

I was for leaving something to the whetter. 

What if it wasn't all it should be? I'd 

Be satisfied if he'd be satisfied. 



210 



CAUL'S WIFE 

1 o drive Paul out of any lumber camp 
All that was needed was to say to him, 
'How is the wife, Paul?' and he'd disappear. 
Some said it was because he had no wife, 
And hated to be twitted on the subject. 
Others because he'd come within a day 
Or so of having one, and then been jilted. 
Others because he'd had one once, a good one, 
Who'd run away with some one else and left him. 
And others still because he had one now 
He only had to be reminded of, 
He was all duty to her in a minute: 
He had to run right off to look her up, 
As if to say, 'That's so, how is my wife? 
I hope she isn't getting into mischief.' 
No one was anxious to get rid of Paul. 
He'd been the hero of the mountain camps 
Ever since, just to show them, he had slipped 
The bark of a whole tamarack off whole, 
As clean as boys do off a willow twig 
To make a willow whistle on a Sunday 
In April by subsiding meadow brooks. 
They seemed to ask him just to see him go, 
'How is the wife, Paul?' and he always went. 
He never stopped to murder anyone 
Who asked the question. He just disappeared- 
Nobody knew in what direction, 
Although it wasn't usually long 

211 



Before they heard of him in some new camp, 
The same Paul at the same old feats of logging. 
The question everywhere was why should Paul 
Object to being asked a civil question 
A man you could say almost anything to 
Short of a fighting word. You have the answers. 
And there was one more not so fair to Paul: 
That Paul had married a wife not his equal. 
Paul was ashamed of her. To match a hero, 
She would have had to be a heroine; 
Instead of which she was some half-breed squaw. 
But if the story Murphy told was true, 
She wasn't anything to be ashamed of. 

You know Paul could do wonders. Everyone's 
Heard how he thrashed the horses on a load 
That wouldn't budge until they simply stretched 
Their rawhide harness from the load to camp. 
Paul told the boss the load would be all right, 
'The sun will bring your load in'and it did 
By shrinking the rawhide to natural length. 
That's what is called a stretcher. But I guess 
The one about his jumping so's to land 
With both his feet at once against the Ceiling, 
And then land safely right side up again, 
Back on the floor, is fact or pretty near fact. 
Well this is such a yarn. Paul sawed his wife 
Out of a white-pine log. Murphy was there, 
And, as you might say, saw the lady born. 
Paul worked at anything in lumbering. 

212 



He'd been hard at it taking boards away 

For I forgetthe last ambitious sawyer 

To want to find out if he couldn't pile 

The lumber on Paul till Paul begged for mercy 

They'd sliced the first slab off a big butt log, 

And the sawyer had slammed the carriage back 

To slam end on again against the saw teeth. 

To judge them by the way they caught themselves 

When they saw what had happened to the log, 

They must have had a guilty expectation 

Something was going to go with their slambanging. 

Something had left a broad black streak of grease 

On the new wood the whole length of the log 

Except, perhaps, a foot at either end. 

But when Paul put his finger in the grease, 

It wasn't grease at all, but a long slot. 

The log was hollow. They were sawing pine. 

( First time I ever saw a hollow pine. 

That comes of having Paul around the place. 

Take it to hell for me,' the sawyer said. 

Everyone had to have a look at it, 

And tell Paul what he ought to do about it. 

(They treated it as his.) 'You take a jack-knife, 

And spread the opening, and you've got a dug-out 

All dug to go a-fishing in.' To Paul 

The hollow looked too sound and clean and empty 

Ever to have housed birds or beasts or bees. 

There was no entrance for them to get in by. 

It looked to him like some new kind of hollow 

He thought he'd better take his jack-knife to. 

213 



So after work that evening he came back 

And let enough light into it by cutting 

To see if it was empty. He made out in there 

A slender length of pith, or was it pith? 

It might have been the skin a snake had cast 

And left stood up on end inside the tree 

The hundred years the tree must have been growing 

More cutting and he had this in both hands, 

And, looking from it to the pond near by, 

Paul wondered how it would respond to water. 

Not a breeze stirred, but just the breath of air 

He made in walking slowly to the beach 

Blew it once off his hands and almost broke it. 

He laid it at the edge where it could drink. 

At the first drink it rustled and grew limp. 

At the next drink it grew invisible. 

Paul dragged the shallows for it with his fingers, 

And thought it must have melted. It was gone. 

And then beyond the open water, dim with midges, 

Where the log drive lay pressed against the boom, 

It slowly rose a person, rose a girl, 

Her wet hair heavy on her like a helmet, 

Who, leaning on a log looked back at Paul. 

And that made Paul in turn look back 

To see if it was anyone behind him 

That she was looking at instead of him. 

Murphy had been there watching all the time, 

But from a shed where neither of them could sec him 

There was a moment of suspense in birth 

When the girl seemed too water-logged to live, 

Before she caught her first breath with a gasp 

214 



And laughed. Then she climbed slowly to her feet, 
And walked off talking to herself or Paul 
Across the logs like backs of alligators, 
Paul taking after her around the pond. 

Next evening Murphy and some other fellows 

Got drunk, and tracked the pair up Catamount, 

From the bare top of which there is a view 

To other hills across a kettle valley. 

And there, well after dark, let Murphy tell it, 

They saw Paul and his creature keeping house. 

It was the only glimpse that anyone 

Has had of Paul and her since Murphy saw them 

Falling in love across the twilight mill-pond. 

More than a mile across the wilderness 

They sat together half-way up a cliff 

In a small niche let into it, the girl 

Brightly, as if a star played on the place, 

Paul darkly, like her shadow. All the light 

Was from the girl herself, though, not from a star, 

As was apparent from what happened next. 

All those great ruffians put their throats together, 

And let out a loud yell, and threw a bottle, 

As a brute tribute of respect to beauty. 

Of course the bottle fell short by a mile, 

But the shout reached the girl and put her light out, 

She went out like a firefly, and that was all. 

So there were witnesses that Paul was married, 
And not to anyone to be ashamed of. 
Everyone had been wrong in judging Paul. 

215 



Murphy told me Paul put on all those airs 
About his wife to keep her to himself. 
Paul was what's called a terrible possessor. 
Owning a wife with him meant owning her. 
She wasn't anybody else's business, 
Either to praise her, or so much as name her, 
And he'd thank people not to think of her. 
Murphy's idea was that a man like Paul 
Wouldn't be spoken to about a wife 
[n any way the world knew how to speak. 



216 



WILD GRAPES 

What tree may not the fig be gathered from? 
The grape may not be gathered from the birch? 
It's all you know the grape, or know the birch. 
As a girl gathered from the birch myself 
Equally with my weight in grapes, one autumn, 
I ought to know what tree the grape is fruit of. 
I \vas born, I suppose, like anyone, 
And grew to be a little boyish girl 
My brother could not always leave at home. 
But that beginning was wiped out in fear 
The day I swung suspended with the grapes, 
And was come after like Eurydice 
And brought down safely from the upper regions; 
And the life I live now's an extra life 
I can waste as I please on whom I please. 
So if you see me celebrate two birthdays, 
And give myself out as two different ages, 
One of them five years younger than I look- 
One day my brother led me to a glade 
Where a white birch he knew of stood alone, 
Wearing a thin head-dress of pointed leaves, 
And heavy on her heavy hair behind, 
Against her neck, an ornament of grapes. 
Grapes, I knew grapes from having seen them last 

year. 
One bunch of them, and there began to be 



Bunches all round me growing in white birches, 

The way they grew round Lief the Lucky's German; 

Mostly as much beyond my lifted hands, though, 

As the moon used to seem when I was younger, 

And only freely to be had for climbing. 

My brother did the climbing; and at first 

Threw me down grapes to miss and scatter 

And have to hunt for in sweet fern and hardhack; 

Which gave him some time to himself to eat, 

But not so much, perhaps, as a boy needed. 

So then, to make me wholly self-supporting, 

He climbed still higher and bent the tree to earth, 

And put it in my hands to pick my own grapes. 

'Here, take a tree-top, I'll get down another. 

Hold on with all your might when I let go.' 

I said I had the tree. It wasn't true. 

The opposite was true. The tree had me. 

The minute it was left with me alone 

It caught me up as if I were the fish 

And it the fishpole. So I was translated 

To loud cries from my brother of 'Let go! 

Don't you know anything, you girl? Let go!' 

But I, with something of the baby grip 

Acquired ancestrally in just such trees 

When wilder mothers than our wildest now 

Hung babies out on branches by the hands 

To dry or wash or tan, I don't know which 

(You'll have to ask an evolutionist) 

I held on uncomplainingly for life. 

My brother tried to make me laugh to help me. 

218 



< What are you doing up there in those grapes? 
Don't be afraid. A few of them won't hurt you. 
I mean, they won't pick you if you don't them/ 
Much danger of my picking anything! 
By that time I was pretty well reduced 
To a philosophy of hang-and-let-hang. 
'Now you know how it feels/ my brother said, 
* To be a bunch of fox-grapes, as they call them, 
That when it thinks it has escaped the fox 
By growing where it shouldn't on a birch, 
Where a fox wouldn't think to look for it 
And if he looked and found it, couldn't reach it- 
Just then come you and I to gather it. 
Only you have the advantage of the grapes 
In one way: you have one more stem to cling by, 
And promise more resistance to the picker/ 

One by one I lost off my hat and shoes, 

And still I clung. I let my head fall back, 

And shut my eyes against the sun, my ears 

Against my brother's nonsense; 'Drop/ he said, 

Til catch you in my arms. It isn't far/ 

(Stated in lengths of him it might not be. ) 

'Drop or I'll shake the tree and shake you down/ 

Grim silence on my part as I sank lower, 

My small wrists stretching till they showed the ban* 

jo strings. 

'Why, if she isn't serious about it! 
Hold tight awhile till I think what to do. 
I'll bend the tree down and let you down by it/ 

219 



[ don't know much about the letting down; 
But once I felt ground with my stocking feet 
And the world came revolving back to me, 
I know I looked long at my curled-up fingers. 
Before I straightened them and brushed the bark off. 
My brother said: 'Don't you weigh anything? 
Try to weigh something next time., so you won't 
Be run oft with by birch trees into space/ 

It wasn't my not weighing anything 
So much as my not knowing anything 
My brother had been nearer right before. 
I had not taken the first step in knowledge; 
I had not learned to let go with the hands, 
As still I have not learned to with the heart, 
And have no wish to with the heartnor need, 
That I can see. The mind is not the heart. 
I may yet live, as I know others live, 
To wish in vain to let go with the mind 
Of cares, at night, to sleep; but nothing tells me 
That I need learn to let go with the heart. 



220 



THE WITCH OF COOS 

I staid the night for shelter at a farm 
Behind the mountain, with a mother and son, 
Two old-believers. They did all the talking. 

MOTHER. Folks think a witch who has familiar 

spirits 

She could call up to pass a winter evening, 
But won't, should be burned at the stake or some^ 

thing. 

Summoning spirits isn't 'Button, button, 
Who's got the button/ 1 would have them know. 

SON. Mother can make a common table rear 
And kick with two legs like an army mule. 

MOTHER. And when I've done it, what good have 

I done? 

Rather than tip a table for you, let me 
Tell you what Ralle the Sioux Control once told me, 
He said the dead had souls, but when I asked him 
How could that be I thought the dead were souls, 
He broke my trance. Don't that make you suspicious 
That there's something the dead are keeping back? 
Yes, there's something the dead are keeping back. 

SON. You wouldn't want to tell him what we have 
Up attic, mother? 

221 



MOTHER. Bones a skeleton. 

SON. But the headboard of mother's bed is pushed 

Against the attic door: the door is nailed. 

It's harmless, Mother hears it in the night 

Halting perplexed behind the barrier 

Of door and headboard. Where it wants to get 

Is back into the cellar where it came from. 

MOTHER. We'll never let them, will we, son! We'll 
never! 

SON. It left the cellar forty years ago 

And carried itself like a pile of dishes 

Up one flight from the cellar to the kitchen, 

Another from the kitchen to the bedroom, 

Another from the bedroom to the attic, 

Right past both father and mother, and neither 

stopped it. 

Father had gone upstairs; mother was downstairs. 
I was a baby: I don't know where I was. 

MOTHER. The only fault my husband found withme 

I went to sleep before I went to bed, 

Especially in winter when the bed 

Might just as well be ice and the clothes snow. 

The night the bones came up the cellar-stairs 

Toffile had gone to bed alone and left me, 

But left an open door to cool the room off 

So as to sort of turn me out of it. 

222 



I was just coming to myself enough 

To wonder where the cold was coming from, 

When I heard Toffile upstairs in the bedroom 

And thought I heard him downstairs in the cellar. 

The board we had laid down to walk dry-shod on 

When there was water in the cellar in spring 

Struck the hard cellar bottom. And then someone 

Began the stairs, two footsteps for each step, 

The way a man with one leg and a crutch, 

Or a little child, comes up. It wasn't Toffile: 

It wasn't anyone who could be there. 

The bulkhead double-doors were double-locked 

And swollen tight and buried under snow. 

The cellar windows were banked up with sawdust 

And swollen tight and buried under snow. 

It was the bones. I knew them and good reason. 

My first impulse was to get to the knob 

And hold the door. But the bones didn't try 

The door; they halted helpless on the landing, 

Waiting for things to happen in their favor. 

The faintest restless rustling ran all through them. 

I never could have done the thing I did 

If the wish hadn't been too strong in me 

To see how they were mounted for this walk. 

I had a vision of them put together 

Not like a man, but like a chandelier. 

So suddenly I flung the door wide on him. 

A moment he stood balancing with emotion, 

And all but lost himself. (A tongue of fire 

223 



Flashed out and licked along his upper teeth. 

Smoke rolled inside the sockets of his eyes.) 

Then he came at me with one hand outstretched, 

The way he did in life once; but this time 

I struck the hand off brittle on the floor, 

And fell back from him on the floor myself. 

The finger-pieces slid in all directions. 

(Where did I see one of those pieces lately^ 

Hand me my button-boxit must be thei c. ) 

I sat up on the floor and shouted, 'Toffil* 1 , 

It's coming up to you.' It had its choice 

Of the door to the cellar or the hall. 

It took the hall door for the novelty, 

And set off briskly for so slow a thing, 

Still going every which way in the joints, though, 

So that it looked like lightning or a scribble, 

From the slap I had just now given its hand. 

I listened till it almost climbed the stairs 

From the hall to the only finished bedroom, 

Before I got up to do anything; 

Then ran and shouted, 'Shut the bedroom door, 

Toffile, for my sake!' ( Company?' he said, 

* Don't make me get up; Pm too warm in bed/ 

So lying forward weakly on the handrail 

I pushed myself upstairs, and in the light 

(The kitchen had been dark) I had to own 

I could see nothing. 'Toffile, I don't see it. 

It's with us in the room though. It's the bones/ 

*What bones?' 'The cellar bones out of the grave/ 

224 



That made him throw his bare legs out of bed 

And sit up by me and take hold of me. 

I wanted to put out the light and see 

If I could see it, or else mow the room, 

With our arms at the level of our knees, 

And bring the chalk-pile down. Til tell you what 

It's looking for another door to try. 

The uncommonly deep snow has made him think 

Of his old song, The Wild Colonial Boy, 

He always used to sing along the tote-road. 

He's after an open door to get out-doors. 

Let's trap him with an open door up attic/ 

Toffile agreed to that, and sure enough, 

Almost the moment he was given an opening, 

The steps began to climb the attic stairs. 

I heard them. Toffile didn't seem to hear them. 

'Quick!' I slammed to the door and held the knob, 

'Toffile, get nails/ I made him nail the door shut 

And push the headboard of the bed against it. 

Then we asked was there anything 

Up attic that we'd ever want again. 

The attic was less to us than the cellar. 

If the bones liked the attic, let them have it. 

Let them stay in the attic. When they sometimes 

Come down the stairs at night and stand perplexed 

Behind the door and headboard of the bed, 

Brushing their chalky skull with chalky fingers, 

With sounds like the dry rattling of a shutter, 

That's what I sit up in the dark to say 

225 



To no one any more since Toffile died. 

Let them stay in the attic since they went there. 

I promised Toffile to be cruel to them 

For helping them be cruel once to him. 

SON. We think they had a grave down in the cellar. 

MOTHER. We know they had a grave down in the 
cellar. 

SON. We never could find out whose bones they 
were. 

MOTHER. Yes, we could too, son. Tell the truth for 

once 

They were a man's his father killed for me. 
I mean a man he killed instead of me. 
The least I could do was to help dig their grave. 
We were about it one night in the cellar. 
Son knows the story: but 'twas not for him 
To tell the truth, suppose the time had come. 
Son looks surprised to see me end a lie 
We'd kept all these years between ourselves 
So as to have it ready for outsiders. 
But tonight I don't care enough to lie 
I don't remember why I ever cared. 
Toffile, if he were here, I don't believe 
Could tell you why he ever cared himself. . . 



226 



She hadn't found the finger-bone she wanted 
Among the buttons poured out in her lap. 
I verified the name next morning: Toffile. 
The rural letter-box said Toffile Lajway. 



227 



AN EMPTY THREAT 

I stay; 

But it isn't as if 

There wasn't always Hudson's Bay 

And the fur trade, 

A small skiff 

And a paddle blade. 

I can just see my tent pegged, 

And me on the floor, 

Crosslegged, 

And a trapper looking in at the door 

With furs to sell. 

His name's Joe, 

Alias John, 

And between what he doesn't know 

And won't tell 

About where Henry Hudson's gone, 

I can't say he's much help; 

But we get on. 

The seal yelp 

On an ice cake. 

It's not men by some mistake? 

No, 

There's not a soul 

128 



l<or a wind- break 

Between me and the North Pole 

Except always John- Joe, 
My French Indian Esquimaux. 
And he's off setting traps, 
In one himself perhaps. 

Give a head shake 

Over so much bay 

Thrown away 

In snow and mist 

That doesn't exist, 

I was going to say, 

For God, man or beast's sake. 

Yet does perhaps for all three. 

Don't ask Joe 

What it is to him. 

It's sometimes dim 

\Vhat it is to me, 

Unless it be 

It's the old captain's dark fate 

Who failed to find or force a strait 

In its two-thousand-mile coast; 

And his crew left him where he failed, 

And nothing came of all he sailed. 

It's to say, 'You and F 
To such a ghost, 



229 



''You and I 

Off here 

With the dead race of the Greak Auk!' 

And, 'Better defeat almost, 

If seen clear, 

Than life's victories of doubt 

That need endless talk talk 

To make them out.' 



230 



FRAGMENTARY BLUE 

Why make so much of fragmentary blue 
In here and there a bird, or butterfly, 
Or flower, or wearing-stone, or open eye, 
When heaven presents in sheets the solid hue? 

Since earth is earth, perhaps, not heaven (as yet) 
Though some savants make earth include the sky; 
And blue so far above us comes so high, 
It only gives our wish for blue a whet. 



231 



FIRE AND ICE 



say the world "will end in fire, 
Some say in ice. 
From what I've tasted of desire 
I hold with those who favor fire. 
But if it had to perish twice, 
I think I know enough of hate 
To say that for destruction ice 
fs also great 
And would suffice. 



232 



DUST OF SNOW 

Ihe way a crow 
Shook down on me 
The dust of snow 
From a hemlock tree 

Has given my heart 
A change of mood 
And saved some part 
Of a day I had rued. 



233 



TO E. T. 

1 slumbered with your poems on my breast 
Spread open as I dropped them half-read through 
Like dove wings on a figure on a tomb 
To see, if in a dream they brought of you, 

I might not have the chance I missed in life 
Through some delay, and call you to your face 
First soldier, and then poet, and then both, 
Who died a soldier-poet of your race. 

1 meant, you meant, that nothing should remain 
Unsaid between us, brother, and this remained 
And one thing more that was not then to say: 
The Victory for what it lost and gained. 

You went to meet the shell's embrace of fire 
On Vimy Ridge; and when you fell that day 
The war seemed over more for you than me, 
But now for me than youthe other way. 

How over, though, for even me who knew 

The foe thrust back unsafe beyond the Rhine, 

If I was not to speak of it to you 

And see you pleased once more with words of mine? 



234 



NOTHING GOLD CAN STAY 

INature's first green is gold, 
Her hardest hue to hold. 
Her early leaf's a flower; 
But only so an hour. 
Then leaf subsides to leaf. 
So Eden sank to grief, 
So dawn goes down to day. 
Nothing gold can stay. 



235 



THE RUNAWAY 

Once when the snow of the year was beginning to 

fall, 
We stopped by a mountain pasture to say, ' Whose 

colt?' 

A little Morgan had one forefoot on the wall, 
The other curled at his breast. He dipped his head 
And snorted at us. And then he had to bolt. 
We heard the miniature thunder where he fled, 
And we saw him, or thought we saw him, dim and 



Like a shadow against the curtain of falling flakes. 
*I think the little fellow's afraid of the snow. 
He isn't winter-broken. It isn't play 
With the little fellow at all. He's running away. 
I doubt if even his mother could tell him, "Sakes, 
It's only weather/' He'd think she didn't know! 
Where is his mother? He can't be out alone.' 
And now he comes again with clatter of stone, 
And mounts the wall again with whited eyes 
And all his tail that isn't hair up straight. 
He shudders his coat as if to throw off flies. 
'Whoever it is that leaves him out so late, 
When other creatures have gone to stall and bin, 
Ought to be told to come and take him in.' 



236 



THE AIM WAS SONG 

13efore man came to blow it right 

The wind once blew itself untaught, 

And did its loudest day and night 
In any rough place where it caught. 

Man came to tell it what was wrong: 
It hadn't fouijd the place to blow; 

It blew too hardthe aim was song. 
And listen how it ought to go! 

He took a little in his mouth, 

And held it long enough for north 

To be converted into south, 

And then by measure blew it forth. 

By measure. It was word and note, 
The wind the wind had meant to be 
A little through the lips and throat. 
The aim was song the wind could see. 



237 



STOPPING BY WOODS ON A SNOWY 

EVENING 

Whose woods these are I think I know 
His house is in the village though; 
He will not see me stopping here 
To watch his woods fill up with snow. 

My little horse must think it queer 
To stop without a farmhouse near 
Between the woods and frozen lake 
The darkest evening of the year. 

He gives his harness bells a shake 
To ask if there is some mistake. 
The only other sound's the sweep 
Of easy wind and downy flake. 

The woods are lovely, dark and deep. 
But I have promises to keep, 
And miles to go before I sleep, 
And miles to go before I sleep. 



238 



FOR ONCE, THEN, SOMETHING 

vJthers taunt me with having knelt at well-curbs 
Always wrong to the light, so never seeing 
Deeper down in the well than where the water 
Gives me back in a shining surface picture 
Me myself in the summer heaven godlike 
Looking out of a wreath of fern and cloud puffs. 
Once, when trying with chin against a well-curb, 
I discerned, as I thought, beyond the picture, 
Through the picture, a something white, uncertain, 
Something more of the depths and then I lost it. 
Water came to rebuke the too clear water. 
One drop fell from a fern, and lo, a ripple 
Shook whatever it was lay there at bottom, 
Blurred it, blotted it out. What was that whiteness? 
Truth? A pebble of quartz? For once, then, some- 
thing. 



239 



6LUE-BUTTERFLY DAY 

It is blue-butterfly day here in spring. 

And with these sky-flakes down in flurry on flurry 

There is more unmixed color on the wing 

Than flowers will show for days unless they hurry. 

But these are flowers that fly and all but sing: 
And now from having ridden out desire 
They lie closed over in the wind and cling 
Where wheels have freshly sliced the April mire. 



240 



THE ONSET 

Always the same, when on a fated night 
At last the gathered snow lets down as white 
As may be in dark woods, and with a song 
It shall not make again all winter long 
Of hissing on the yet uncovered ground, 
I almost stumble looking up and round, 
As one who overtaken by the end 
Gives up his errand, and lets death descend 
Upon him where he is, with nothing done 
To evil, no important triumph won, 
More than if life had never been begun. 

Yet all the precedent is on my side: 

I know that winter death has never tried 

The earth but it has failed: the snow may heap 

In long storms an undrifted four feet deep 

As measured against maple, birch and oak, 

It cannot check the peeper's silver croak; 

And I shall see the snow all go down hill 

In water of a slender April rill 

That flashes tail through last year's withered brake 

And dead weeds, like a disappearing snake. 

Nothing will be left white but here a birch, 

And there a clump of houses with a church. 



241 



TO EARTHWARD 

Love at the lips was touch 
As sweet as I could bear; 
And once that seemed too much; 
I lived on air 

That crossed me from sweet things, 
The flow of was it musk 
From hidden grapevine springs 
Down hill at dusk? 

I had the swirl and ache 
From sprays of honeysuckle 
That when they're gathered shake 
Dew on the knuckle. 

I craved strong sweets, but those 
Seemed strong when I was young; 
The petal of the rose 
It was that stung. 

Now no joy but lacks salt 
That is not dashed with pain 
And weariness and fault; 
I crave the stain 

Of tears, the aftermark 
Of almost too much love, 

242 



The sweet of bitter bark 
And burning clove. 

When stiff and sore and scarred 
I take away my hand 
From leaning on it hard 
In grass and sand ; 

The hurt is not enough: 
I long for weight and strength 
To feel the earth as rough 
To all my length. 



GOOD-BYE AND KEEP COLD 

JThis saying good-bye on the edge of the dark 
And the cold to an orchard so young in the bark 
Reminds me of all that can happen to harm 
An orchard away at the end of the farm 
All winter, cut off by a hill from the house. 
[ don't want it girdled by rabbit and mouse, 
[ don't want it dreamily nibbled for browse 
By deer, and I don't want it budded by grouse. 
(If certain it wouldn't be idle to call 
I'd summon grouse, rabbit, and deer to the wall 
And warn them away with a stick for a gun.) 
I don't want it stirred by the heat of the sun, 
(We made it secure against being, I hope^ 
By setting it out on a northerly slope.) 
No orchard's the worse for the wintriest storm; 
But one thing about it ; it mustn't get warm. 
'How often already you've had to be told, 
Keep cold, young orchard. Good-bye and keep cold, 
Dread fifty above more than fifty below.' 
I have to be gone for a season or so. 
My business a while is with different trees, 
Less carefully nurtured, less fruitful than these, 
And such as is done to their wood with an axe-- 
Maples and birches and tamaracks. 
I wish I could promise to lie in the night 
And think of an orchard's arboreal plight 

244 



When slowly (and nobody comes with a light) 
Its heart sinks lower under the sod. 
But something has to be left to God. 



245 



TWO LOOK AT TWO 

JLove and forgetting might have carried them 

A little further up the mountain side 

With night so near, but not much further up. 

They must have halted soon in any case 

With thoughts of the path back, how rough it was 

With rock and washout, and unsafe in darkness; 

When they were halted by a tumbled wall 

With barbed-wire binding. They stood facing this,, 

Spending what onward impulse they still had 

In one last look the way they must not go, 

On up the failing path, where, if a stone 

Or earthslide moved at night, it moved itself; 

No footstep moved it. 'This is all/ they sighed, 

'Good-night to woods.' But not so; there was more. 

A doe from round a spruce stood looking at them 

Across the wall, as near the wall as they. 

She saw them in their field, they her in hers. 

The difficulty of seeing what stood still, 

Like some up-ended boulder split in two, 

Was in her clouded eyes: they saw no fear there. 

She seemed to think that two thus they were safe. 

Then, as if they were something that, though strange, 

She could not trouble her mind with too long, 

She sighed and passed unscared along the wall. 

'This, then, is all. What more is there to ask?' 

But no, not yet. A snort to bid them wait. 

A buck from round the spruce stood looking at them 

246 



Across the wall as near the wall as they. 

This was an antlered buck of lusty nostril, 

Not the same doe come back into her place. 

He viewed them quizzically with jerks of head, 

As if to ask, 'Why don't you make some motion? 

Or give some sign of life? Because you can't. 

I doubt if you're as living as you look/ 

Thus till he had them almost feeling dared 

To stretch a proffering hand and a spell-breaking. 

Then he too passed unscared along the wall. 

Two had seen two, whichever side you spoke from. 

'This must be all/ It was all. Still they stood, 

A great wave from it going over them, 

As if the earth in one unlooked-for favor 

Had made them certain earth returned their love. 



247 



NOT TO KEEP 

Ihey sent him back to her. The letter came 
Saying . . . And she could have him. And before 
She could be sure there was no hidden ill 
Under the formal writing^ he was in her sight, 
Living. They gave him back to her alive- 
How else? They are not known to send the dead- 
And not disfigured visibly. His face? 
His hands? She had to look, to ask, 
' What is it, dear?' And she had given all 
And still she had all they had they the lucky! 
Wasn't she glad now? Everything seemed won, 
And all the rest for them permissible ease. 
She had to ask, ' What was it, dear?' 

* Enough, 

Yet not enough. A bullet through and through, 
High in the breast. Nothing but what good care 
And medicine and rest, and you a week, 
Can cure me of to go again. 7 The same 
Grim giving to do over for them both. 
She dared no more than ask him with her eyes 
How was it with him for a second trial. 
And with his eyes he asked her not to ask. 
They had given him back to her, but not to keep. 



A BROOK IN THE CITY 

Ihe farm house lingers, though averse to square 
With the new city street it has to wear 
A number in. But what about the brook 
That held the house as in an elbow-crook? 
I ask as one who knew the brook, its strength 
And impulse, having dipped a finger length 
And made it leap my knuckle, having tossed 
A flower to try its currents where they crossed. 
The meadow grass could be cemented down 
From growing under pavements of a town; 
The apple trees be sent to hearth-stone flame. 
Is water wood to serve a brook the same? 
How else dispose of an immortal force 
No longer needed? Staunch it at its source 
With cinder loads dumped down? The brook was 

thrown 

Deep in a sewer dungeon under stone 
In fetid darkness still to live and run 
And all fo^ nothing it had ever done 
Except forget to go in fear perhaps. 
No one would know except for ancient maps 
That such a brook ran water. But I wonder 
If from its being kept forever under 
The thoughts may not have risen that so keep 
This new-built city from both work and sleep. 



249 



THE KITCHEN CHIMNEY 

Builder, in building the little house, 
In every way you may please yourself; 
But please please me in the kitchen chimney: 
Don't build me a chimney upon a shelf. 

However far you must go for bricks, 
Whatever they cost a-piece or a pound, 
Buy me enough for a full-length chimney, 

build the chimney clear from the ground. 



It's not that Fm greatly afraid of fire, 
But I never heard of a house that throve 
(And I know of one that didn't thrive) 
Where the chimney started above the stove. 

And I dread the ominous stain of tar 

That there always is on the papered walls, 

And the smell of fire drowned in rain 

That there always is when the chimney's false. 

A shelf's for a clock or vase or picture, 
But I don't see why it should have to bear 
A chimney that only would serve to remind me 
Of castles I used to build in air. 



250 



LOOKING FOR A SUNSET BIRD IN 
WINTER 

Ihe west was getting out of gold, 
The breath of air had died of cold, 
When shoeing home across the white, 
I thought I saw a bird alight. 

In summer when I passed the place 
I had to stop and lift my face; 
A bird with an angelic gift 
Was singing in it sweet and swift. 

No bird was singing in it now. 
A single leaf was on a bough, 
And that was all there was to see 
In going twice around the tree. 

From my advantage on a hill 
I judged that such a crystal chill 
Was only adding frost to snow 
As gilt to gold that wouldn't show. 

A brush had left a crooked stroke 
Of what was either cloud or smoke 
From north to south across the blue; 
A piercing little star was through. 



251 



GATHERING LEAVES 

opades take up leaves 
No better than spoons, 
And bags full of leaves 
Are light as balloons. 

I make a great noise 
Of rustling all day 
Like rabbit and deer 
Running away. 

But the mountains I raise 
Elude my embrace. 
Flowing over my arms 
And into my face. 

I may load and unload 
Again and again 
Till I fill the whole shed, 
And what have I then? 

Next to nothing for weight; 
And since they grew duller 
From contact with earth, 
Next to nothing for color. 



252 



Next to nothing for use. 
But a crop is a crop, 
And who's to say where 
The harvest shall stop? 



253 



MISGIVING 

All crying 'We will go with you, O Wind!' 
The foliage follow him, leaf and stem; 
But a sleep oppresses them as they go, 
And they end by bidding him stay with them. 

Since ever they flung abroad in spring 
The leaves had promised themselves this flight, 
Who now would fain seek sheltering wall, 
Or thicket, or hollow place for the night. 

And now they answer his summoning blast 

With an ever vaguer and vaguer stir, 

Or at utmost a little reluctant whirl 

That drops them no further than where they were 

I only hope that when I am free 

As they are free to go in quest 

Of the knowledge beyond the bounds of life 

It may not seem better to me to rest. 



254 



PLOWMEN 

A plow, they say., to plow the snow. 
They cannot mean to plant it, though- 
Unless in bitterness to mock 
At having cultivated rock. 



255 



ON A TREE FALLEN ACROSS THE 
ROAD 

(TO HEAR US TALK) 

I he tree the tempest with a crash of wood 
Throws down in front of us is not to bar 
Our passage to our journey's end for good, 
But just to ask us who we think we are 

Insisting always on our own way so. 
She likes to halt us in our runner tracks, 
And make us get down in a foot of snow 
Debating what to do without an axe. 

And yet she knows obstruction is in vain: 

We will not be put off the final goal 

We have it hidden in us to attain, 

Not though we have to seize earth by the pole 

And, tired of aimless circling in one place, 
Steer straight off after something into space. 



256 



OUR SINGING STRENGTH 

It snowed in spring on earth so dry and warm 
The flakes could find no landing place to form. 
Hordes spent themselves to make it wet and cold, 
And still they failed of any lasting hold. 
They made no white impression on the black. 
They disappeared as if earth sent them back. 
Not till from separate flakes they changed at night 
To almost strips and tapes of ragged white 
Did grass and garden ground confess it snowed. 
And all go back to winter but the road. 
Next day the scene was piled and puffed and dead. 
The grass lay flattened under one great tread. 
Borne down until the end almost took root, 
The rangey bough anticipated fruit 
With snowballs cupped in every opening bud. 
The road alone maintained itself in mud, 
Whatever its secret was of greater heat 
From inward fires or brush of passing feet. 

In spring more mortal singers than belong 

To any one place cover us with song. 

Thrush, bluebird, blackbird, sparrow, and robin 

throng; 

Some to go further north to Hudson's Bay, 
Some that have come too far north back away, 
Really a very few to build and stay. 
Now was seen how these liked belated snow. 



The fields had nowhere left for them to go; 

They'd soon exhausted all there was in flying; 

The trees they'd had enough of with once trying 

And setting off their heavy powder load. 

They could find nothing open but the road. 

So there they let their lives be narrowed in 

By thousands the bad weather made akin. 

The road became a channel running flocks 

Of glossy birds like ripples over rocks. 

[ drove them under foot in bits of flight 

That kept the ground, almost disputing right 

Of way with me from apathy of wing, 

A talking twitter all they had to sing. 

A few I must have driven to despair 

Made quick asides, but having done in air 

A whir among white branches great and small 

As in some too much carven marble hall 

Where one false wing beat would have brought 

down all, 

Came tamely back in front of me, the Drover, 
To suffer the same driven nightmare over. 
One such storm in a lifetime couldn't teach them 
That back behind pursuit it couldn't reach them; 
None flew behind me to be left alone. 

Well, something for a snowstorm to have shown 
The country' s singing strength thus brought together, 
That though repressed and moody with the weather 
Was none the less there ready to be freed 
And sing the wildflowers up from root and seed. 

253 



THE NEED OF BEING VERSED IN 
COUNTRY THINGS 

Ihe house had gone to bring again 
To the midnight sky a sunset glow. 
Now the chimney was all of the house that stood, 
Like a pistil after the petals go. 

The barn opposed across the way, 
That would have joined the house in flame 
Had it been the will of the wind, was left 
To bear forsaken the place's name. 

No more it opened with all one end 
For teams that came by the stony road 
To drum on the floor with scurrying hoofs 
And brush the mow with the summer load. 

The birds that came to it through the air 
At broken windows flew out and in, 
Their murmur more like the sigh we sigh 
From too much dwelling on what has been. 

Yet for them the lilac renewed its leaf, 
And the aged elm, though touched with fire; 
And the dry pump flung up an awkward arm; 
And the fence post carried a strand of wire. 



259 



For them there was really nothing sad. 
But though they rejoiced in the nest they kept, 
One had to be versed in country things 
Not to believe the phoebes wept 



26O 



West-Running Brook 



SPRING POOLS 

Ihese pools that, though in forests, still reflect 
The total sky almost without defect, 
And like the flowers beside them, chill and shiver, 
Will like the flowers beside them soon be gone, 
And yet not out by any brook or river, 
But up by roots to bring dark foliage on. 

The trees that have it in their pent-up buds 
To darken nature and be summer woods- 
Let them think twice before they use their powers 
To blot out and drink up and sweep away 
These flowery waters and these watery flowers 
From snow that melted only yesterday. 



263 



THE FREEDOM OF THE MOON 

I ve tried the new moon tilted in the air 
Above a hazy tree-and-farmhouse cluster 
As you might try a jewel in your hair, 
I've tried it fine with little breadth of lustre, 
Alone, or in one ornament combining 
With one first-water star almost as shining. 

I put it shining anywhere I please. 
By walking slowly on some evening later, 
I've pulled it from a crate of crooked trees, 
And brought it over glossy water, greater, 
And dropped it in, and seen the image wallow, 
The color run, all sorts of wonder follow. 



264 



FIREFLIES IN THE GARDEN 

ilere come real stars to fill the upper skies, 
And here on earth come emulating flies, 
That though they never equal stars in size, 
(And they were never really stars at heart) 
Achieve at times a very star-like start. 
Only, of course, they can't sustain the part. 



365 



ATMOSPHERE 

INSCRIPTION FOR A GARDEN WALL 

XVinds blow the open grassy places bleak; 
But where this old wall burns a sunny cheek, 
They eddy over it too toppling weak 
To blow the earth or anything self-clear; 
Moisture and color and odor thicken here. 
The hours of daylight gather atmosphere. 



266 



DEVOTION 

Ihe heart can think of no devotion 
Greater than being shore to the ocean- 
Holding the curve of one position, 
Counting an endless repetition. 



267 



ON GOING UNNOTICED 

As vain to raise a voice as a sigh 
In the tumult of free leaves on high. 
What are you in the shadow of trees 
Engaged up there with the light and breeze? 

Less than the coral-root you know 
That is content with the daylight low, 
And has no leaves at all of its own; 
Whose spotted flowers hang meanly down 

You grasp the bark by a rugged pleat. 
And look up small from the forest's feet. 
The only leaf it drops goes wide. 
Your name not written on either side. 

You linger your little hour and are gone, 
And still the woods sweep leafily on, 
Not even missing the coral-root flower 
You took as a trophy of the hour. 



268 



A PASSING GLIMPSE 

To Ridgely Torrence 

On Last Looking Into His 'Hesperides* 



1 often see flowers from a passing car 

That are gone before I can tell what they are. 

I want to get out of the train and go back 
To see what they were beside the track. 

I name all the flowers I am sure they weren't: 
Not fireweed loving where woods have burnt- 

Not blue bells gracing a tunnel mouth- 
Not lupine living on sand and drouth. 

Was something brushed across my mind 
That no one on earth will ever find? 

Heaven gives its glimpses only to those 
Not in position to look too close. 



369 



A PECK OF GOLD 

Dust always blowing about the town, 
Except when sea-fog laid it down, 
And I was one of the children told 
Some of the blowing dust was gold. 

All the dust the wind blew high 
Appeared like gold in the sunset sky, 
But I was one of the children told 
Some of the dust was really gold. 

Such was life in the Golden Gate: 
Gold dusted all we drank and ate, 
And I was one of the children told, 
'We all must eat our peck of gold/ 



270 



ACCEPTANCE 

When the spent sun throws up its rays on cloud 
And goes down burning into the gulf below, 
No voice in nature is heard to cry aloud 
At what has happened. Birds, at least, must know 
It is the change to darkness in the sky. 
Murmuring something quiet in her breast, 
One bird begins to close a faded eye; 
Or overtaken too far from his nest, 
Hurrying low above the grove, some waif 
Swoops just in time to his remembered tree. 
At most he thinks or twitters softly, 'Safe! 
Now let the night be dark for all of me. 
Let the night be too dark for me to see 
Into the future. Let what will be, be/ 



271 



ONCE BY THE PACIFIC 

Ihe shattered water made a misty din. 
Great waves looked over others coming in, 
And thought of doing something to the shore 
That water never did to land before. 
The clouds were low and hairy in the skies, 
Like locks blown forward in the gleam of eyes. 
You could not tell, and yet it looked as if 
The shore was lucky in being backed by cliff, 
The cliff in being backed by continent; 
It looked as if a night of dark intent 
Was coming, and not only a night, an age. 
Someone had better be prepared for rage. 
There would be more than ocean-water broken 
Before God's last Put out the Light was spoken. 



272 



LODGED 

Ihe rain to the wind said 
1 You push and I'll pelt/ 
They so smote the garden bed 
That the flowers actually knelt, 
And lay lodged though not dead. 
I know how the flowers felt. 



273 



A MINOR BIRD 

I have wished a bird would fly away, 
And not sing by my house all day; 

Have clapped my hands at him from the door 
When it seemed as if I could bear no more. 

The fault must partly have been in me. 
The bird was not to blame for his key. 

And of course there must be something wrong 
In wanting to silence any song. 



274 



BEREFT 

Where had I heard this wind before 
Change like this to a deeper roar? 
WTiat would it take my standing there for, 
Holding open a restive door, 
Looking down hill to a frothy shore? 
Summer was past and day was past. 
Sombre clouds in the west were massed. 
Out in the porch's sagging floor, 
Leaves got up in a coil and hissed, 
Blindly struck at my knee and missed. 
Something^sinister in the tone 
Told me my secret must be known: 
\Vord I was in the house alone 
Somehow must have gotten abroad, 
"Word I was in my life alone, 
Word I had no one left but God, 



275 



TREE AT MY WINDOW 

Iree at my window, window tree, 
My sash is lowered when night comes on; 
3ut let there never be curtain drawn 
Between you and me. 

Vague dream-head lifted out of the ground, 
And thing next most diffuse to cloud, 
Not all your light tongues talking aloud 
Could be profound. 

But tree, I have seen you taken and tossed, 
And if you have seen me when I slept, 
You have seen me when I was taken and swept 
And all but lost. 

That day she put our heads together, 
Fate had her imagination about her, 
Your head so much concerned with outer, 
Mine with inner, weather. 



276 



THE PEACEFUL SHEPHERD 

If heaven were to do again, 
And on the pasture bars, 
I leaned to line the figures in 
Between the dotted stars, 

I should be tempted to forget, 

I fear, the Crown of Rule, 

The Scales of Trade, the Cross of Faith, 

As hardly worth renewal. 

For these have governed in our lives, 
And see how men have warred. 
The Cross, the Crown, the Scales may all 
As well have been the Sword. 



277 



A WINTER EDEN 

A winter garden in an alder swamp, 

Where conies now come out to sun and romp, 

As near a paradise as it can be 

And not melt snow or start a dormant tree. 

It lifts existence on a plane of snow 
One level higher than the earth below, 
One level nearer heaven overhead, 
And last year's berries shining scarlet red. 

It lifts a gaunt luxuriating beast 
Where he can stretch and hold his highest feast 
On some wild apple tree's young tender bark, 
What well may prove the year's high girdle mark. 

So near to paradise all pairing ends: 
Here loveless birds now flock as winter friends, 
Content with bud-inspecting. They presume 
To say which buds are leaf and which are bloom. 

A feather-hammer gives a double knock. 
This Eden day is done at two o'clock. 
An hour of winter day might seem too short 
To make it worth life's while to wake and sport. 



278 



THE FLOOD 

Blood has been harder to dam back than water. 

Just when we think we have it impounded safe 

Behind new barrier walls (and let it chafe!), 

It breaks away in some new kind of slaughter. 

We choose to say it is let loose by the devil; 

But power of blood itself releases blood. 

It goes by might of being such a flood 

Held high at so unnatural a level. 

It will have outlet, brave and not so brave. 

Weapons of war and implements of peace 

Are but the points at which it finds release. 

And now it is once more the tidal wave 

That when it has swept by leaves summits stained. 

Oh, blood will out. It cannot be contained. 



ACQUAINTED WITH THE NIGHT 

1 have been one acquainted with the night. 
I have "walked out in rain and back in rain. 
I have outwalked the furthest city light. 

I have looked down the saddest city lane. 
I have passed by the watchman on his beat 
And dropped my eyes, unwilling to explain. 

I have stood still and stopped the sound of feet 
When far away an interrupted cry 
Came over houses from another sireet, 

But not to call me back or say good-bye; 
And further still at an unearthly height, 
One luminary clock against the sky 

Proclaimed the time was neither wrong nor right 
I have been one acquainted with the night. 



280 



THE LOVELY SHALL BE CHOOSERS 

The Voice said, <Hther<JoM*i!' 
The Voices, c How far down?' 
'Seven levels of the world/ 
'How much time have we?' 

'Take twenty years. 

She would refuse love safe with wealth and honor! 

The lovely shall be choosers, shall they? 

Then let them choose!' 

'Then we shall let her choose?' 

'Yes, let her choose. 

Take up the task beyond her choosing.' 

Invisible hands crowded on her shoulder 

In readiness to weigh upon her. 

But she stood straight still, 

In broad round ear-rings, gold and jet with pearls 

And broad round suchlike brooch, 

Her cheeks high colored, 

Proud and the pride of friends. 

The Voice asked, 'You can let her choose?* 

281 



'Yes, we can let her and still triumph/ 

'Do it by joys, and leave her always blameless. 

Be her first joy her wedding, 

That though a wedding, 

Is yet well something they know, he and she. 

And after that her next joy 

That though she grieves,, her grief is secret: 

Those friends know nothing of her grief to make it 

shameful 
Her third joy that though now they cannot help but 

know, 

They move in pleasure too far off 
To think much or much care. 
Give her a child at either knee for fourth joy 
To tell once and once only, for them never to forget, 
How once she walked in brightness, 
And make them see it in the winter firelight. 
But give her friends for then she dare not tell 
For their foregone incredulousness 
And be her next joy this: 
Her never having deigned to tell them. 
Make her among the humblest even 
Seem to them less than they are. 
Hopeless of being known for what she has been, 
Failing of being loved for what she is, 
Give her the comfort for her sixth of knowing 
She fails from strangeness to a way of life 
She came to from too high too late to learn. 
Then send some one with eyes to see 

282 



CANIS MAJOR 

Ihe great Overdog, 
That heavenly beast 
With a star in one eye, 
Gives a leap in the east. 

He dances upright 
All the way to the west 
And never once drops 
On his forefeet to rest. 

I'm a poor underdog, 
But tonight I will bark 
With the great Overdog 
That romps through the dark. 



289 



A SOLDIER 

Jrle is that fallen lance that lies as hurled, 
That lies unlifted now, come dew, come rust, 
But still lies pointed as it plowed the dust. 
If we who sight along it round the world, 
See nothing worthy to have been its mark, 
It is because like men we look too near, 
Forgetting that as fitted to the sphere, 
Our missiles always make too short an arc. 
They fall, they rip the grass, they intersect 
The curve of earth, and striking, break their own; 
They make us cringe for metal-point on stone. 
But this we know, the obstacle that checked 
And tripped the body, shot the spirit on 
Further than target ever showed or shone. 



IMMIGRANTS 



IN o ship of all that under sailor or steam 
Have gathered people to us more and more 
But Pilgrim-manned the Mayflower in a dream 
Has been her anxious convey in to shore. 



291 



HANNIBAL 



Was there ever a cause too lost, 

Ever a cause that was lost too long, 

Or that showed with the lapse of time too vain 

For the generous tears of youth and song? 



-92 



THE FLOWER BOAT 

The fisherman's swapping a yarn for a yarn 
Under the hand of the village barber, 
And here in the angle of house and barn 
His deep-sea dory has found a harbor. 

At anchor she rides the sunny sod 

As full to the gunnel of flowers growing 

As ever she turned her home with cod 

From George's bank when winds were blowing. 

And I judge from that Elysian freight 
That all they ask is rougher weather, 
And dory and master will sail by fate 
To seek for the Happy Isles together. 



THE TIMES TABLE 

JVlore than half way up the pass 

Was a spring with a broken drinking glass, 

And whether the farmer drank or not 

His mare was sure to observe the spot 

By cramping the wheel on a water-bar, 

Turning her forehead with a star, 

And straining her ribs for a monster sigh; 

To which the farmer would make reply, 

1 A sigh for every so many breath, 

And for every so many sigh a death. 

That's what I always tell my wife 

Is the multiplication table of life.' 

The saying may be ever so true; 

But it's just the kind of a thing that you, 

Nor I, nor nobody else may say, 

Unless our purpose is doing harm, 

And then I know of no better way 

To close a road, abandon a farm, 

Reduce the births of the human race, 

And bring back nature in people's place. 



294 



THE INVESTMENT ^ 

Over back where they speak of life as staying 
('You couldn't call it living, for it ain't'), 
There was an old, old house renewed with paint, 
And in it a piano loudly playing. 

Out in the ploughed ground in the cold a digger, 
Among unearthed potatoes standing still, 
Was counting winter dinners, one a hill, 
With half an ear to the piano's vigor. 

All that piano and new paint back there, 
Was it some money suddenly come into? 
Or some extravagance young love had been to? 
Or old love on an impulse not to care- 
Not to sink under being man and wife, 
But get some color and music out of life? 



295 



THE LAST MOWING 

There's a place called Far-away Meadow 

We never shall mow in again, 

Or such is the talk at the farmhouse: 

The meadow is finished with men. 

Then now is the chance for the flowers 

That can't stand mowers and plowers. 

It must be now, though, in season 

Before the not mowing brings trees on, 

Before trees, seeing the opening, 

March into a shadowy claim. 

The trees are all I'm afraid of, 

That flowers can't bloom in the shade of; 

It's no more men I'm afraid of; 

The meadow is done with the tame. 

The place for the moment is ours 

For you, oh tumultuous flowers, 

To go to waste and go wild in, 

All shapes and colors of flowers, 

I needn't call you by name. 



296 



THE BIRTHPLACE 

ilere further up the mountain slope 
Than there was ever any hope, 
My father built, enclosed a spring, 
Strung chains of Avail round everything, 
Subdued the growth of earth to grass, 
And brought our various lives to pass. 
A dozen girls and boys we were. 
The mountain seemed to like the stir, 
And made of us a little while 
With always something in her smile. 
Today she wouldn't know our name. 
(No girl's, of course, has stayed the same.) 
The mountain pushed us off her knees. 
And now her lap is full of trees. 



297 



DUST IN THE EYES 

If, as they say, some dust thrown in my eyes 
Will keep my talk from getting overwise, 
I'm not the one for putting off the proof. 
Let it be overwhelming, off a roof 
And round a corner, blizzard snow for dust 
And blind me to a standstill if it must. 



298 



SITTING BY A BUSH IN BROAD 
SUNLIGHT 

\A/hen I spread out my hand here today, 
I catch no more than a ray 
To feel of between thumb and fingers; 
No lasting effect of it lingers. 

There was one time and only the one 
When dust really took in the sun; 
And from that one intake of fire 
All creatures still warmly suspire. 

And if men have watched a long time 
And never seen sun-smitten slime 
Again come to life and crawl off, 
We must not be too ready to scoff. 

God once declared he was true 
And then took the veil and withdrew, 
And remember how final a hush 
Then descended of old on the bush. 

God once spoke to people by name. 
The sun once imparted its flame 
One impulse persists as our breath; 
The other persists as our faith. 



299 



WHAT FIFTY SAID 

\Vhen I was young my teachers were the old. 

I gave up fire for form till I was cold. 

I suffered like a metal being cast. 

I went to school to age to learn the past. 

Now I am old my teachers are the young. 

What can't be moulded must be cracked and sprung, 

I strain at lessons fit to start a suture. 

I go to school to youth to learn the future. 



300 



RIDERS 

The surest thing there is is we are riders, 
And though none too successful at it, guiders, 
Through everything presented, land and tide 
And now the very air, of what we ride. 

WTiat is this talked-of mystery of birth 
But being mounted bareback on the earth? 
We can just see the infant up astride, 
His small fist buried in the bushy hide. 

There is our wildest mount a headless horse. 
But though it runs unbridled off its course, 
And all our blandishments would seem defied, 
We have ideas yet that we haven't tried. 



301 



ON LOOKING UP BY CHANCE AT 
THE CONSTELLATIONS 

You'll wait a long, long time for anything much 
To happen in heaven beyond the floats of cloud 
And the Northern Lights that run like tingling 

nerves. 
The sun and moon get crossed, but they never 

touch, 
Nor strike out fire from each other, nor crash oul 

loud. 

The planets seem to interfere in their curves, 
But nothing ever happens, no harm is done. 
We may as well go patiently on with our life, 
And look elsewhere than to stars and moon and sun 
For the shocks and changes we need to keep us sane. 
It is true the longest drouth will end in rain, 
The longest peace in China will end in strife. 
Still it wouldn't reward the watcher to stay awake 
In hopes of seeing the calm of heaven break 
On his particular time and personal sight. 
That calm seems certainly safe to last tonight. 



102 



THE BEAR 

1 he bear puts both arms around the tree above her 
And draws it down as if it were a lover 
And its choke cherries lips to kiss good-bye, 
Then lets it snap back upright in the sky. 
Her next step rocks a boulder on the wall 
(She's making her cross-country in the fall). 
Her great weight creaks the barbed- wire in its staples 
As she flings over and off down through the maples, 
Leaving on one wire tooth a lock of hair. 
Such is the uncaged progress of the bear. 
The world has room to make a bear feel free; 
The universe seems cramped to you and me. 
Man acts more like the poor bear in a cage 
That all day fights a nervous inward rage, 
His mood rejecting all his mind suggests. 
He paces back and forth and never rests 
The toe-nail click and shuffle of his feet, 
The telescope at one end of his beat, 
And at the other end the microscope, 
Two instruments of nearly equal hope, 
And in conjunction giving quite a spread. 
Or if he rests from scientific tread, 
'Tis only to sit back and sway his head 
Through ninety odd degrees of arc, it seems, 
Between two metaphysical extremes. 
He sits back on his fundamental butt 
With lifted snout and eyes (if any) shut, 

303 



(He almost looks religious but he's not), 

And back and forth he sways from cheek to cheek, 

At one extreme agreeing with one Greek, 

At the other agreeing with another Greek 

Which may be thought, but only so to speak. 

A baggy figure, equally pathetic 

When sedentary and when peripatetic. 



304 



THE EGG AND THE MACHINE 

JTle gave the solid rail a hateful kick. 

From far away there came an answering tick 

And then another tick. He knew the code: 

His hate had roused an engine up the road. 

He wished when he had had the track alone 

He had attacked it with a club or stone 

And bent some rail wide open like a switch 

So as to wreck the engine in the ditch. 

Too late though, now, he had himself to thank. 

Its click was rising to a nearer clank. 

Here it came breasting like a horse in skirts. 

(He stood well back for fear of scalding squirts.) 

Then for a moment all there was was size 

Confusion and a roar that drowned the cries 

He raised against the gods in the machine. 

Then once again the sandbank lay serene. 

The traveler's eye picked up a turtle trail, 

Between the dotted feet a streak of tail, 

And followed it to where he made out vague 

But certain signs of buried turtle's egg; 

And probing with one finger not too rough, 

He found suspicious sand, and sure enough, 

The pocket of a little turtle mine. 

If there was one egg in it there were nine, 

Torpedo-like, with shell of gritty leather 

All packed in sand to wait the trump together. 

'You'd better not disturb me any more,' 

305 



He told the distance, *I am armed for war. 
The next machine that has the power to pass 
Will get this plasm in its goggle glass.' 



A Further Range 



A LONE STRIKER 

1 he swinging mill bell changed its rate 
To tolling like the count of fate, 
And though at that the tardy ran, 
One failed to make the closing gate. 
There was a law of God or man 
That on the one who came too late 
The gate for half an hour be locked. 
His time be lost, his pittance docked. 
He stood rebuked and unemployed. 
The straining mill began to shake. 
The mill, though many, many eyed, 
Had eyes inscrutably opaque; 
So that he couldn't look inside 
To see if some forlorn machine 
Was standing idle for his sake. 
(He couldn't hope its heart would break.) 

And yet he thought he saw the scene: 
The air was full of dust of wool. 
A thousand yarns were under pull, 
But pull so slow, with such a twist, 
All day from spool to lesser spool, 
It seldom overtaxed their strength; 
They safely grew in slender length. 
And if one broke by any chance, 
The spinner saw it at a glance. 
The spinner still was there to spin. 



300 



That's where the human still came in. 
Her deft hand showed with finger rings 
Among the harp-like spread of strings. 
She caught the pieces end to end 
And, with a touch that never missed, 
Not so much tied as made them blend. 
Man's ingenuity was good. 
He saw it plainly where he stood, 
Yet found it easy to resist. 

He knew another place, a wood, 

And in it, tall as trees, were cliffs; 

And if he stood on one of these, 

'Twould be among the tops of trees, 

Their upper branches round him wreathing 

Their breathing mingled with his breathing, 

Ifif he stood! Enough of ifs! 

He knew a path that wanted walking; 

He knew a spring that wanted drinking; 

A thought that wanted further thinking; 

A love that wanted re-renewing. 

Nor was this just a way of talking 

To save him the expense of doing. 

With him it boded action, deed. 

The factory was very fine; 
He wished it all the modern speed. 
Yet, after all, 'twas not divine, 
That is to say, 'twas not a church. 
He never would assume that he'd 

310 



r5e any institution's need. 

But he said then arid still would say 

If there should ever come a day 

\Vhen industry seemed like to die 

Because he left it in the lurch, 

Or even merely seemed to pine 

For want of his appro val, why 

Come get him they knew where to search. 



TWO TRAMPS IN MUD TIME 

Out of the mud two strangers came 

And caught me splitting wood in the yard. 

And one of them put me off my aim 

By hailing cheerily 'Hit them hard!' 

I knew pretty well why he dropped behind 

And let the other go on a way. 

I knew pretty well what he had in mind: 

He wanted to take my job for pay. 

Good blocks of beech it was I split, 
As large around as the chopping block; 
And every piece I squarely hit 
Fell splinterless as a cloven rock. 
The blows that a life of self-control 
Spares to strike for the common good 
That day, giving a loose to my soul, 
I spent on the unimportant wood. 

The sun was warm but the wind was chill. 
You know how it is with an April day 
When the sun is out and the wind is still, 
You're one month on in the middle of May. 
But if you so much as dare to speak, 
A cloud comes over the sunlit arch, 
A wind comes off a frozen peak, 
And you're two months back in the middle of 
March. 

312 



A DRUMLIN WOODCHUCK 

(Jne thing has a shelving bank, 

Another a rotting plank, 

To give it cozier skies 

And make up for its lack of size. 

My own strategic retreat 
Is where two rocks almost meet, 
And still more secure and snug, 
A two-door burrow I dug. 

With those in mind at my back 
I can sit forth exposed to attack 
As one who shrewdly pretends 
That he and the world are friends. 

All we who prefer to live 
Have a little whistle we give, 
And flash, at the least alarm 
We dive down under the farm. 

We allow some time for guile 
And don't come out for a while 
Either to eat or drink. 
We take occasion to think. 

And if after the hunt goes past 
And the double-barrelled blast 



321 



But not long since in the lumber camps). 
They thought all chopping was theirs of right. 
Men of the woods and lumber jacks, 
They judged me by their appropriate tool. 
Except as a fellow handled an ax, 
They had no way of knowing a fool. 

Nothing on either side was said. 

They knew they had but to stay their stay 

And all their logic would fill my head: 

As that I had no right to play 

With what was another man's work for gain. 

My right might be love but theirs was need. 

And where the two exist in twain 

Theirs was the better right agreed. 

But yield who will to their separation, 
My object in living is to unite 
My avocation and my vocation 
As my two eyes make one in sight. 
Only where love and need are one, 
And the work is play for mortal stakes, 
Is the deed ever really done 
For Heaven and the future's sakes. 



THE WHITE-TAILED HORNET 

The white-tailed hornet lives in a balloon 

That floats against the ceiling of the woodshed. 

The exit he comes out at like a bullet 

Is like the pupil of a pointed gun. 

And having power to change his aim in flight, 

He comes out more unerring than a bullet. 

Verse could be written on the certainty 

With which he penetrates my best defense 

Of whirling hands and arms about the head 

To stab me in the sneeze-nerve of a nostril. 

Such is the instinct of it I allow. 

Yet how about the insect certainty 

That in the neighborhood of home and children 

!s such an execrable judge of motives 

As not to recognize in me the exception 

I like to think I am in everything 

One who would never hang above a bookcase 

His Japanese crepe-paper globe for trophy? 

He stung me first and stung me afterward. 

He rolled me off the field head over heels, 

And would not listen to my explanations. 

That's when I went as visitor to his house. 
As visitor at my house he is better. 
Hawking for flies about the kitchen door, 
In at one door perhaps and out another, 
Trust him then not to put you in the wrong. 

315 



He won't misunderstand your freest movements. 

Let him light on your skin unless you mind 

So many prickly grappling feet at once. 

He's after the domesticated fly 

To feed his thumping grubs as big as he is. 

Here he is at his best, but even here- 

I watched him where he swooped, he pounced, he 

struck; 

But what he found he had was just a nailhead. 
He struck a second time. Another nailhead. 
'Those are just nailheads. Those are fastened down/ 
Then disconcerted and not unannoyed, 
He stooped and struck a little huckleberry 
The way a player curls around a football. 
'Wrong shape, wrong color, and wrong scent/ 1 said. 
The huckleberry rolled him on his head. 
At last it was a fly. He shot and missed; 
And the fly circled round him in derision. 
But for the fly he might have made me think 
He had been at his poetry, comparing 
Nailhead with fly and fly with huckleberry: 
How like a fly, how very like a fly. 
But the real fly he missed would never do; 
The missed fly made me dangerously skeptic. 

Won't this whole instinct matter bear revision? 

Won't almost any theory bear revision? 

To err is human, not to, animal. 

Or so we pay the compliment to instinct, 

Only too liberal of our compliment 

316 



That really takes away instead of gives. 

Our worship, humor, conscientiousness 

Went long since to the dogs under the table. 

And served us right for having instituted 

Downward comparisons. As long on earth 

As our comparisons were stoutly upward 

With gods and angels, we were men at least, 

But little lower than the gods and angels. 

But once comparisons were yielded downward, 

Once we began to see our images 

Reflected in the mud and even dust, 

'Twas disillusion upon disillusion. 

We were lost piecemeal to the animals, 

Like people thrown out to delay the wolves. 

Nothing but fallibility was left us, 

And this day ' s work made even that seem doubtful. 



31? 



k BLUE RIBBON AT AMESBURY 

Ouch a fine pullet ought to go 
All coiffured to a winter show, 
And be exhibited, and win. 
The answer is this one has been 

And come with all her honors home. 
Her golden leg, her coral comb, 
Her fluff of plumage, white as chalk, 
Her style, were all the fancy's talk. 

It seems as if you must have heard. 
She scored an almost perfect bird. 
In her we make ourselves acquainted. 
With one a Sewell might have painted. 

Here common with the flock again, 
At home in her abiding pen, 
She lingers feeding at the trough, 
The last to let night drive her off. 

The one who gave her ankle-band, 
Her keeper, empty pail in hand, 
He lingers too, averse to slight 
His chores for all the wintry night. 

He leans against the dusty wall, 
Immured almost beyond recall, 

318 



A depth past many swinging doors 
And many litter-muffled floors. 

He meditates the breeder's art. 
He has a half a mind to start, 
With her for Mother Eve, a race 
That shall all living things displace. 

'Tis ritual with her to lay 
The full six days, then rest a day; 
At which rate barring broodiness 
She well may score an egg-success. 

The gatherer can always tell 

Her well-turned egg's brown sturdy shell, 

As safe a vehicle of seed 

As is vouchsafed to feathered breed, 

No human spectre at the feast 
Can scant or hurry her the least. 
She takes her time to take her fill. 
She whets a sleepy sated bill. 

She gropes across the pen alone 
To peck herself a precious stone. 
She waters at the patient fount. 
And so to roost, the last to mount. 

The roost is her extent of flight. 
Yet once she rises to the height, 



319 



She shoulders with a wing so strong 
She makes the whole flock move along. 

The night is setting in to blow. 
It scours the windowpane with snow, 
But barely gets from them or her 
For comment a complacent chirr. 

The lowly pen is yet a hold 
Against the dark and wind and cold 
To give a prospect to a plan 
And warrant prudence in a man. 



320 



A DRUMLIN WOODCHUCK 

vjne thing has a shelving bank, 

Another a rotting plank, 

To give it cozier skies 

And make up for its lack of size. 

My own strategic retreat 
Is where two rocks almost meet, 
And still more secure and snug, 
A two-cloor burrow I dug. 

With those in mind at my back 
I can sit forth exposed to attack 
As one who shrewdly pretends 
That he and the world are friends. 

All we who prefer to live 
Have a little whistle we give, 
And flash, at the least alarm 
We dive down under the farm. 

We allow some time for guile 
And don't come out for a while 
Either to eat or drink. 
We take occasion to think. 

And if after the hunt goes past 
And the double-barrelled blast 



321 



(Like war and pestilence 

And the loss of common sense), 

If I can with confidence say 
That still for another day, 
Or even another year, 
I will be there for you, my dear, 

It will be because, though small 
As measured again the All, 
I have been so instinctively thorough 
About my crevice and burrow. 



322 



THE GOLD HESPERIDEE 

Oquare Matthew Male's young grafted appletree 

Began to blossom at the age of five; 

And after having entertained the bee, 

And cast its flowers and all the stems but three, 

It set itself to keep those three alive; 

And downy wax the three began to thrive. 

They had just given themselves a little twist 
And turned from looking up and being kissed 
To looking down and yet not being sad, 
When came Square Hale with Let's see what we had; 
And two was all he counted (one he missed); 
But two for a beginning wasn't bad. 

His little Matthew, also five years old, 
Was led into the presence of the tree 
And raised among the leaves and duly told, 
We mustn't touch them yet, but see and see! 
And what was green would by and by be gold. 
Their name was called the Gold Hesperidee. 

As regularly as he went to feed the pig 
Or milk the cow, he visited the fruit, 
The dew of night and morning on his boot. 
Dearer to him than any barnyard brute, 
Each swung in danger on its slender twig, 
A bubble on a pipe-stem growing big. 

323 



Long since they swung as three instead of two 
One more, he thought, to take him safely through. 
Three made it certain nothing Fate could do 
With codlin moth or rusty parasite 
Would keep him now from proving with a bite 
That the name Gold Hesperidee was right. 

And so he brought them to the verge of frost. 
But one day when the foliage all went swish 
With autumn and the fruit was rudely tossed, 
He thought no special goodness could be lost 
If he fulfilled at last his summer wish, 
And saw them picked unbruised and in a dish, 

Where they could ripen safely to the eating. 

But when he came to look, no apples there 

Under, or on the tree, or anywhere, 

And the light-natured tree seemed not to care! 

'Twas Sunday and Square Hale was dressed for 

meeting, 
The final summons into church was beating. 

Just as he was without an uttered sound 
At those who'd done him such a wrong as that, 
Square Matthew Hale took off his Sunday hat 
And ceremoniously laid it on the ground, 
And leaping on it with a solemn bound, 
Danced slowly on it till he trod it flat. 



324 



Then suddenly he saw the thing he did. 
And looked around to see if he was seen. 
This was the sin that Ahaz was forbid 
(The meaning of the passage had been hid): 
To look upon the tree -when it was green 
And worship apples.What else could it mean? 

God saw him dancing in the orchard path, 
But mercifully kept the passing crowd 
From witnessing the fault of one so proud. 
And so the story wasn't told in Gath; 
In gratitude for which Square Matthew vowed 
To walk a graver man restrained <n wrath. 



325 



IN TIME OF CLOUDBURST 

Let the downpour roil and toil! 
The worst it can do to me 
Is carry some garden soil 
A little nearer the sea. 

J Tis the world-old way of the rain 
When it comes to a mountain farm 
To exact for a present gain 
A little of future harm. 

And the harm is none too sure, 
For when all that was rotted rich 
Shall be in the end scoured poor, 
When my garden has gene down ditch, 

Some force has but to apply, 
And summits shall be immersed, 
The bottom of seas raised dry 
The slope of the earth reversed. 

Then all I need do is run 
To the other end of the slope, 
And on tracts laid new to the sun, 
Begin all over to hope. 

Some worn old tool of my own 
Will be turned up by the plow, 

326 



The wood of it changed to stone, 
But as ready to wield as now. 

May my application so close 
To so endless a repetition 
Not make me tired and morose 
And resentful of man's condition. 



327 



A ROADSIDE STAND 

1 he little old house was out with a little new shed 
In front at the edge of the road where the traffic sped, 
A roadside stand that too pathetically plead, 
It would not be fair to say for a dole of bread, 
But for some of the money, the cash, whose flow 

supports 

The flower of cities from sinking and withering faint. 
The polished traffic passed with a mind ahead, 
Or if ever aside a moment, then out of sorts 
At having the landscape marred with the artless paint 
Of signs that with N turned wrong and S turned 

wrong 

Offered for sale wild berries in wooden quarts, 
Or crook-necked golden squash with silver warts, 
Or beauty rest in a beautiful mountain scene. 
You have the money, but if you want to be mean, 
Why keep your money (this crossly), and go along. 
The hurt to the scenery wouldn't be my complaint 
So much as the trusting sorrow of what is unsaid: 
Here far from the city we make our roadside stand 
And ask for some city money to feel in hand 
To try if it will not make our being expand, 
And give us the life of the moving pictures' promise 
That the party in power is said to be keeping from us. 

It is in the news that all these pitiful kin 

Are to be bought out and mercifully gathered in 

To live in villages next to the theatre and store 

328 



At the shiny desert with spots of gloom 

That might be people and are but cedar, 

Have no purpose, have no leader, 

Have never made the first move to assemble, 

And so are nothing to make her tremble. 

She can think of places that are not thus 

Without indulging a 'Not for us! 7 

Life is not so sinister-grave. 

Matter of fact has made them brave. 

He is husband, she is wife. 

She fears not him, they fear not life. 

They know where another light has been 

And more than one to theirs akin, 

But earlier out for bed tonight, 

So lost on me in my surface flight. 

This I saw when waking late, 

Going by at a railroad rate, 

Looking through wreaths of engine smoke 

Far into the lives of other folk. 



333 



THE FIGURE IN THE DOORWAY 

1 he grade surmounted, we were riding high 
Through level mountains nothing to the eye 
But scrub oak, scrub oak and the lack of earth 
That kept the oaks from getting any girth. 
But as through the monotony we ran, 
We came to where there was a living man. 
His great gaunt figure filled his cabin door, 
And had he fallen inward on the floor, 
He must have measured to the further wall. 
But we who passed were not to see him fall. 
The miles and miles he lived from anywhere 
Were evidently something he could bear. 
He stood unshaken, and if grim and gaunt, 
It was not necessarily from want. 
He had the oaks for heating and for light. 
He had a hen, he had a pig in sight. 
He had a well, he had the rain to catch. 
He had a ten by twenty garden patch. 
Nor did he lack for common entertainment. 
That I assume was what our passing train meant. 
He could look at us in our diner eating, 
And if so moved uncurl a hand in greeting. 



334 



AT WOODWARD'S GARDENS 

A boy, presuming on his intellect, 

Once showed two little monkeys in a cage 

A burning-glass they could not understand 

And never could be made to understand. 

Words are no good: to say it was a lens 

For gathering solar rays would not have helped. 

But let him show them how the weapon worked. 

He made the sun a pin-point on the nose 

Of first one then the other till it brought 

A look of puzzled dimness to their eyes 

That blinking could not seem to blink away. 

They stood arms laced together at the bars, 

And exchanged troubled glances over life. 

One put a thoughtful hand up to his nose 

As if remindedor as if perhaps 

Within a million years of an idea. 

He got his purple little knuckles stung. 

The already known had once more been confirmed 

By psychological experiment, 

And that were all the finding to announce 

Had the boy not presumed too close and long. 

There was a sudden flash of arm, a snatch 

And the glass was the monkeys' not the boy's. 

Precipitately they retired back cage 

And instituted an investigation 

On their part, though without the needed insight. 

They bit the glass and listened for the flavor. 

335 



J 'hsy broke the handle and the binding off it. 
T ben none the wiser, frankly gave it up, 
And having hid it in their bedding straw 
Against the day of prisoners' ennui, 
Came dryly forward to the bars again 
To answer for themselves: Who said it mattered 
W rut monkeys did or didn't understand? 
They might not understand a burning-glass. 
They might not understand the sun itself. 
\t's knowing what to do with things that counts. 



336 



A RECORD STRIDE 

In a Vermont bedroom closet 

With a door of two broad boards 

And for back wall a crumbling old chimney 

(And that's what their toes are to wards ), 

I have a pair of shoes standing, 
Old rivals of sagging leather, 
Who once kept surpassing each other, 
But now live even together. 

They listen for me in the bedroom 
To ask me a thing or two 
About who is too old to go walking, 
With too much stress on the who. 

I wet one last year at Moiitauk 
For a hat I had to save. 
The other I wet at the Cliff House 
In an cxtra-vagant wave. 

Two entirely different grandchildren 
Got me into my double adventure. 
But when they grow up and can read this 
I hope they won't take it for censure. 

I touch my tongue to the shoes now 
And unless my sense is at fault, 



337 



On one I can taste Atlantic, 
On the other Pacific, salt. 

One foot in each great ocean 

Is a record stride or stretch. 

The authentic shoes it was made in 

I should sell for what they would fetch. 

But instead I proudly devote them 

To my museum and muse; 

So the thick-skins needn't act thin-skinned 

About being past-active shoes. 

And I ask all to try to forgive me 
For being as over-elated 
As if I had measured the country 
And got the United States stated. 



338 



LOST IN HEAVEN 

The clouds, the source of rain, one stormy night 
Offered an opening to the source of dew; 
Which I accepted with impatient sight, 
Looking for my old skymarks in the blue. 

But stars were scarce in that part of the sky, 
And no two were of the same constellation 
No one was bright enough to identify; 
So 'twas with not ungrateful consternation, 

Seeing myself well lost once more, I sighed, 
1 Where, where in Heaven am I? But don't tell me!* 
I warned the clouds, 'by opening on me wide. 
Let's let my heavenly lostness overwhelm me/ 



339 



DESERT PLACES 

Onow falling and night falling fast oh fast 

In a field I looked into going past, 

And the ground almost covered smooth in snow, 

But a few weeds and stubble showing last. 

The woods around it have it it is theirs. 
All animals are smothered in their lairs. 
I am too absent-spirited to count; 
The loneliness includes me unawares. 

And lonely as it is that loneliness 
Will be more lonely ere it will be less 
A blanker whiteness of benighted snow 
With no expression, nothing to express. 

They cannot scare me with their empty spaces 
Between stars on stars where no human race is. 
I have it in me so much nearer home 
To scare myself with my own desert places. 



340 



LEAVES COMPARED WITH FLOWERS 

A tree's leaves may be ever so good, 

So may its bark, so may its wood; 

But unless you put the right tiling to its root 

It never will show much flower or fruit. 

But I may be one who does not care 
Ever to have tree bloom or bear. 
Leaves for smooth and bark for rough, 
Leaves and bark may be tree enough. 

Some giant trees have bloom so small 
They might as well have none at all. 
Late in life I have come on fern. 
Now lichens are due to have their turn. 

I bade men tell me which in brief, 
Which is fairer, flower or leaf. 
They did not have the wit to say, 
Leaves by night and flowers by day. 

Leaves and bark, leaves and bark, 
To lean against and hear in the dark. 
Petals I may have once pursued. 
Leaves are all my darker mood. 



341 



A LEAF TREADER 

1 have been treading ^n leaves all day until I am 

autumn-tired. 
God knows all the color and form of leaves I have 

trodden on and mired. 
Perhaps I have put forth too much strength and 

been too fierce from fear. 
I have safely trodden underfoot the leaves of another 

year. 

All summer long they were over head, more lifted 

up than I. 
To come to their final place in earth they had to 

pass me by. 
All summer long I thought I heard them threatening 

under their breath. 
And when they came it seemed with a will to carry 

me with them to death. 

They spoke to the fugitive in my heart as if it were 

leaf to leaf. 
They tapped at my eyelids and touched my lips 

with an invitation to grief. 
But it was no reason I had to go because they had 

to go. 
Now up my knee to keep on top of another year of 

snow. 



342 



THEY WERE WELCOME TO THEIR 
BELIEF 

\JTrief may have thought it was grief. 
Care may have thought it was care. 
They were welcome to their belief, 
The over important pair. 

No, it took all the snows that clung 
To the low roof over his bed, 
Beginning when he was young, 
To induce the one snow on his head. 

But whenever the roof came white 
The head in the dark below 
Was a shade less the color of night 
A shade more the color of snow. 

Grief may have thought it was grief. 
Care may have thought it was care. 
But neither one was the thief 
Of his raven color of hair. 



343 



THE STRONG ARE SAYING 
NOTHING 

ihe soil now gets a rumpling soft and damp, 
And small regard to the future of any weed. 
The final flat of the hoe's approval stamp 
Is reserved for the bed of a few selected seed. 

There is seldom more than a man to a harrowed 

piece. 

Men work olone, their lots plowed far apart, 
One stringing a chain of seed in an open crease, 
And another stumbling after a halting cart. 

To the fresh and black of the squares of early mould 
The leafless bloom of a plum is fresh and white; 
Though there's more than a doubt if the weather is 

not too cold 
For the bees to come and serve its beauty aright. 

Wind goes from farm to farm in wave on wave, 
But carries no cry of what is hoped to be. 
There may be little or much beyond the grave, 
Hut the strong are saying nothing until they see. 



344 



THE MASTER SPEED 

IN o speed of wind or water rushing by 

But you have speed far greater. You can climb 

Back up a stream of radiance to the sky, 

And back through history up the stream of time. 

And you were given this swiftness, not for haste, 

Nor chiefly that you may go where you will, 

But in the rush of everything to waste, 

That you may have the power of standing still 

Off any still or moving thing you say. 

Two such as you with such a master speed 

Cannot be parted nor be swept away 

From one another once you are agreed 

That life is only life forevermore 

Together wing to wing and oar to oar. 



345 



MOON COMPASSES 

I stole forth dimly in the dripping pause 

Between two downpours to see what there was. 

And a masked moon had spread down compass rays 

To a cone mountain in the midnight haze, 

As if the final estimate were hers, 

And as it measured in her calipers, 

The mountain stood exalted in its place. 

So love will take between the hands a face . . . 



346 



NEITHER OUT FAR NOR IN DEEP 

The people along the sand 
All turn and look one way. 
They turn their back on the land. 
They look at the sea all day. 

As long as it takes to pass 
A ship keeps raising its hull; 
The wetter ground like glass 
Reflects a standing gull. 

The land may vary more; 
But wherever the truth may be 
The water conies ashore, 
And the people look at the sea. 

They cannot look out far. 
They cannot look in deep. 
But when was that ever a bar 
To any watch they keep? 



347 



VOICE WAYS 

borne things are never clear. 
But the weather is clear tonight, 
Thanks to a clearing rain. 
The mountains are brought up near, 
The stars are brought out bright. 
Your old sweet-cynical strain 
Would come in like you here: 
'So we won't say nothing is clear.* 



348 



DESIGN 

1 found a dimpled spider, fat and white, 
On a white heal-all, holding up a moth 
Like a white piece of rigid satin cloth- 
Assorted characters of death and blight 
Mixed ready to begin the morning right, 
Like the ingredients of a witches' broth 
A snow-drop spider, a flower like froth, 
And dead wings carried like a paper kite. 

What had that flower to do with being white, 
The wayside blue and innocent heal-all? 
What brought the kindred spider to that height, 
Then steered the white moth thither in the night? 
What but design of darkness to appall? 
If design govern in a thing so small. 



349 



ON A BIRD SINGING IN ITS SLEEP 

A bird half wakened in the lunar noon 
Sang half way through its little inborn tune. 
Partly because it sang but once all night 
And that from no especial bush's height; 
Partly because it sang ventriloquist 
And had the inspiration to desist 
Almost before the prick of hostile ears, 
It ventured less in peril than appears. 
It could not have come down 1 o us so far 
Through the interstices of things ajar 
On the long bead chain of repeated birth 
To be a bird while we are men on earth 
If singing out of sleep and dream that way 
Had made it much more easily a prey. 



350 



UNHARVESTED 

A scent of ripeness from over a wall. 
And come to leave the routine road 
And look for what had made me stall, 
There sure enough was an appletrec 
That had eased itself of its summer load. 
And of all but its trivial foliage free, 
Now breathed as light as a lady's fan. 
For there there had been an apple fall 
As complete as the apple had given man. 
The ground was one circle of solid red. 

May something go always unharvested! 
May much stay out of our stated plan, 
Apples or something forgotten and left, 
So smelling their sweetness would be no theft. 



351 



THERE ARE ROUGHLY ZONES 

We sit indoors and talk of the cold outside. 

And every gust that gathers strength and heaves 

Is a threat to the house. But the house has long been 

tried. 

We think of the tree. If it never again has leaves, 
We'll know, we say, that this was the night it died. 
It is very far north, we admit, to have brought the 

peach. 

What comes over a man, is it soul or mind 
That to no limits and bounds he can stay confined? 
You would say his ambition was to extend the reach 
Clear to the Arctic of every living kind. 
Why is his nature forever so hard to teach 
That though there is no fixed line between wrong 

and right, 

There are roughly zones whose laws must be obeyed. 
There is nothing much we can do for the tree tonight. 
But we can't help feeling more than a little betrayed 
That the northwest wind should rise to such a height 

o 

fust when the cold went down so many below. 
The tree has no leaves and may never have them again. 
We must wait till some months hence in the spring 

to know. 

But if it is destined never again to grow, 
It can blame this limitless trait in the hearts of men. 



352 



A TRIAL RUN 

I said to myself almost in prayer, 

It will start hair raising currents of air 

\Vhen you give it the livid metal-sap. 

It will make a homicidal roar. 

It will shake its cast stone reef of floor. 

It will gather speed till your nerves prepare 

To hear it wreck in a thunder-clap. 

But stand your ground 

As they say in war. 

It is cotter-pinned, it is bedded true. 

Everything its parts can do 

Has been thought out and accounted for. 

Your least touch sets it going round, 

And when to stop it rests with you. 



353 



NOT QUITE SOCIAL 

Oome of you will be glad I did what I did, 
And the rest won't want to punish me too severely 
For finding a thing to do that though not forbid 
Yet wasn't enjoined and wasn't expected clearly. 

To punish me over cruelly wouldn't be right 
For merely giving you once more gentle proof 
That the city's hold on a man is no more tight 
Than when its walls rose higher than any roof. 

You may taunt me with not being able to flee the 

earth. 

You have me there, but loosely as I would be held. 
The way of understanding is partly mirth. 
I would not be taken as ever having rebelled. 

And anyone is free to condemn me to death 
If he leaves it to nature to carry out the sentence. 
I shall will to the common stock of air my breath 
And pay a death-tax of fairly polite repentance. 



354 



PROVIDE PROVIDE 

The witch that came (the withered hag) 
To wash the steps with pail and rag, 
Was once the beauty Abishag, 

The picture pride of Hollywood. 
Too many fall from great and good 
For you to doubt the likelihood. 

Die early and avoid the fate. 
Or if predestined to die late, 
Make up your mirid to die in state- 
Make the whole stock exchange your own! 
If need be occupy a throne, 
Where nobody can call you crone. 

Some have relied on what they knew; 

Others on being simply true. 

What worked for them might work for you. 

No memory of having starred 

Atones for later disregard, 

Or keeps the end from being hard. 

Better to go down dignified 

With boughten friendship at your side 

Than none at all. Provide, provide! 



355 



TEN MILLS 

PRECAUTION 

I never dared be radical when young 

For fear it would make me conservative when old. 

THE SPAN OF LIFE 

The old dog barks backward without getting up. 
I can remember when he was a pup. 

THE WRIGHTS' BIPLANE 

This biplane is the shape of hi] man flight. 
Its name might better be First Motor Kite. 
Its makers' name Time cannot get that wrong. 
For it was writ in heaven doubly Wright. 

ASSERTIVE 

Let me be the one 
To do what is done. 

EVIL TENDENCIES CANCEL 

Will the blight end the chestnut? 
The farmers rather guess not. 
It keeps smouldering at the roots 
And sending up new shoots 
Till another parasite 
Shall come to end the blight. 

356 



PERTINAX 

Let chaos storm! 

Let cloud shapes swarm! 

I wait for form. 

WASPISH 

On glossy wires artistically bent, 
He draws himself up to his full extent. 
His natty wings with self-assurance perk. 
His stinging quarters menacingly work. 
Poor egotist, he has no way of knowing 
But he's as good as anybody going. 

ONE GUESS 

He has dust in his eyes and a fan for a wing, 

A leg akimbo with which he can sing, 

And a mouthful of dye stuff instead of a sting. 

THE HARDSHIP OF ACCOUNTING 

Never ask of money spent 
Wliere the spender thinks it went. 
Nobody was ever meant 
To remember or invent 
What he did with every cent. 

NOT ALL THERE 

I turned to speak to God 
About the world's despair; 
But to make bad matters worse 



357 



I found God wasn't there. 
God turned to speak to me 
(Don't anybody laugh) 
God found I wasn't there 
At least not over half. 

IN DIVES > DIVE 

It is late at night and still I am losing, 
But still I am steady and unaccusing. 

As long as the Declaration guards 

My right to be equal in number of cards, 

It is nothing to me who runs the Dive. 
Let's have a look at another five. 



358 



THE VINDICTIVES 

You like to hear about gold. 

A king filled his prison room 

As full as the room could hold 

To the top of his reach on the wall 

With every known shape of the stuff. 

'Twas to buy himself off his doom. 

But it wasn't ransom enough. 

His captors accepted it all, 

But didn't let go of the king. 

They made him send out a call 

To his subjects to gather them more. 

And his subjects wrung all they could wring 

Out of temple and palace and store. 

But when there seemed no more to bring, 

His captors convicted the king 

Of once having started a war, 

And strangled the wretch with a string. 

But really that gold was not half 
That a king might have hoped to compel- 
Not a half, not a third, not a tithe. 
The king had scarce ceased to writhe, 
When hate gave a terrible laugh, 
Like a manhole opened to Hell. 
If gold pleased the conqueror, well, 
That gold should be the one thing 
The conqueror henceforth should lack. 

359 



They gave no more thought to the king. 
All joined in the game of hide-gold. 
They swore all the gold should go back 
Deep into the earth whence it came. 

Their minds ran on cranny and crack. 
All joined in the maddening game. 
The tale is still boastingly told 
Of many a treasure by name " 
That vanished into the black 
And put out its light for the foe. 

That self-sack and self-overthrow 
That was the splendidest sack 
Since the forest Germans sacked Rome 
And took the gold candlesticks home. 

One Inca prince on the rack, 

\nd late in his last hour alive, 

Told them in what lake to dive 

To seek what they seemed so to want. 

They dived and nothing was found. 

He told them to dive till they drowned. 

The whole fierce conquering pack 

Hunted and tortured and raged. 

There were suns of story and vaunt 

They searched for into Brazil 

Their tongues hanging out unassuaged. 



360 



But the conquered grew meek and still. 
They slowly and silently aged. 
They kept their secrets and died, 
Maliciously satisfied. 
One knew of a burial hole 
In the floor of a tribal cave, 
Where under deep ash and charcoal 
And cracked bones, human and beast, 
The midden of feast upon feast, 

Was coiled in its last resting grave 
The great treasure wanted the most, 
The great thousand-linked gold chain, 
Each link of a hundred weight, 
That once between post and post 
(In-leaning under the strain), 
And looped ten times back and forth, 
Had served as a palace gate. 
Some said it had gone to the coast, 
Some over the mountains east, 
Some into the country north, 
On the backs of a single-file host, 
Commanded by one sun-priest, 
And raising a dust with a train 
Of flashing links in the sun. 
No matter what some may say. 
(The saying is never done.) 
There bright in the filth it lay 
Untarnished by rust and decay. 
And be all plunderers curst. 

361 



'The best way to hate is the worst. 
'Tis to find what the hated need, 
Never mind of what actual worth, 
And wipe that out of the earth. 
Let them die of unsatisfied greed, 
Of unsatisfied love of display, 
Of unsatisfied love of the high, 
Unvulgar, unsoiled, and ideal. 
Let their trappings be taken away. 
Let them suffer starvation and die 
Of being brought down to the real/ 



362 



THE BEARER OF EVIL TIDINGS 

1 he bearer of evil tidings,, 
Wlien he was halfway there, 
Remembered that evil tidings 
Were a dangerous thing to bear. 

3o when he came to the parting 
Where one road led to the throne 
And one went off to the mountains 
And into the wild unknown, 

He took the one to the mountains. 
He ran through the Vale of Cashmere, 
He ran through the rhododendrons 
Till he came to the land of Pamir. 

And there in a precipice valley 
A girl of his age he met 
Took him home to her bower, 
Or he might be running yet. 

She taught him her tribe's religion: 
How ages and ages since 
A princess en route from China 
To marry a Persian prince 



Had been found with child; and her army 
Had come to a troubled halt. 



363 



And though a god was the father 
And nobody else at fault, 

It had seemed discreet to remain there 
And neither go on nor back. 
So they stayed and declared a village 
There in the land of the Yak. 

And the child that came of the princess 
Established a royal line, 
And his mandates were given heed to 
Because he was born divine. 

And that was why there were people 
On one Himalayan shelf; 
And the bearer of evil tidings 
Decided to stay there himself. 

At least he had this in common 
With the race he chose to adopt: 
They had both of them had their reasons 
For stopping where they had stopped. 

As for his evil tidings, 
Belshazzar's overthrow, 
Why hurry to tell Belshazzar 
What soon enough he would know? 



364 



IRIS BY NIGHT 

One misty evening, one another's guide, 

We two were groping down a Malvern side 

The last wet fields and dripping hedges home. 

There came a moment of confusing lights, 

Such as according to belief in Rome 

Were seen of old at Memphis on the heights 

Before the fragments of a former sun 

Could concentrate anew and rise as one. 

Light was a paste of pigment in our eyes. 

And then there was a moon and then a scene 

So watery as to seem submarine; 

In which we two stood saturated, drowned. 

The clover-mingled rowan on the ground 

Had taken all the water it could as dew, 

And still the air was saturated too, 

Its airy pressure turned to water weight. 

Then a small rainbow like a trellis gate, 

A very small moon-made prismatic bow, 

Stood closely over us through which to go. 

And then we were vouchsafed the miracle 

That never yet to other two befell 

And I alone of us have lived to tell. 

A wonder! Bow and rainbow as it bent, 

Instead of moving with us as we went, 

(To keep the pots of gold from being found) 

It lifted from its dewy pediment 

Its two mote-swimming many-colored ends, 

365 



And gathered them together in a ring. 
And we stood in it softly circled round 
From all division time or foe can bring 
In a relation of elected friends. 



366 



BUILD SOIL-A POLITICAL 
PASTORAL 

\Vhy Tityrus! But you've forgotten me. 

Fm Meliboeus the potato man, 

The one you had the talk with, you remember, 

Here on this very campus years ago. 

Hard times have struck me and I'm on the move. 

Fve had to give my interval farm up 

For interest, and I've bought a mountain farm 

For nothing down, all-out-doors of a place, 

All woods and pasture only fit for sheep. 

But sheep is what Fm going into next. 

Fm done forever with potato crops 

At thirty cents a bushel. Give me sheep. 

I know wool's down to seven cents a pound. 

But I don't calculate to sell my wool. 

I didn't my potatoes. I consumed them. 

F1I dress up in sheep's clothing and eat sheep. 

The Muse takes care of you. You live by writing 

Your poems on a farm and call that farming. 

Oh I don't blame you. I say take life easy. 

I should myself, only I don't know how. 

But have some pity on us who have to work. 

Why don't you use your talents as a writer 

To advertise our farms to city buyers, 

Or else write something to improve food prices. 

Get in a poem toward the next election. 

36? 



Oh Meliboeus, I have half a mind 

To take a writing hand in politics. 

Before now poetry has taken notice 

Of wars, and what are wars but politics 

Transformed from chronic to acute and bloody? 

I may be wrong, but Tityrus to me 

The times seem revolutionary bad. 

The question is whether they've reached a depth 

Of desperation that would warrant poetry's 

Leaving love's alternations, joy and grief, 

The weather's alternations, summer and winter, 

Our age-long theme, for the uncertainty 

Of judging who is a contemporary liar 

Who in particular, when all alike 

Get called as much in clashes of ambition. 

Life may be tragically bad, and I 

Make bold to sing it so, but do I dare 

Name names and tell you who by name is wicked? 

Whittier's luck with Skipper Ireson awes me. 

Many men's luck with Greatest Washington 

(Who sat for Stuart's portrait, but who sat 

Equally for the nation's Constitution). 

I prefer to sing safely in the realm 

Of types, composite and imagined people: 

To affirm there is such a thing as evil 

Personified, but ask to be excused 

From saying on a jury here's the guilty. 



368 



I doubt it you're convinced the times are bad. 
I keep my eye on Congress, Meliboeus. 
They're in the best position of us all 
To know if anything is very wrong. 
1 mean they could be trusted to give the alarm 
If earth were thought about to change its axis, 
Or a star coming to dilate the sun. 
As long as lightly all their live-long sessions, 
Like a yard full of school boys out at recess 
Before their plays and games were organized, 
They yelling mix tag, hide-and-seek, hop-scotch, 
And leap frog in each other's way, all's well. 
Let newspapers profess to fear the worst! 
Nothing's portentous, I am reassured. 

Is socialism needed, do you think? 

We have it now. For socialism is 
An clement in any government. 
There's no such thing as socialism pure 
Except as an abstraction of the mind. 
There's only democratic socialism 
Monarchic socialism oligarchic, 
The last being what they seem to have in Russia. 
You often get it most in monarchy, 
Least in democracy. In practice, pure, 
I don't know what it would be. No one knows. 
I have no doubt like all the loves when 
Philosophized together into one- 
One sickness of the body and the soul. 

369 



Thank God our practice holds the loves apart 

Beyond embarrassing self-consciousness 

Where natural friends are met, where dogs are 

kept, 

Where women pray with priests. There is no love. 
There's only love of men and women, love 
Of children, love of friends, of men, of God, 
Divine love, human love, parental love, 
Roughly discriminated for the rough. 

Poetry, itself once more, is back in love. 

Pardon the analogy, my Meliboeus, 
For sweeping me away. Let's see, where was I? 
But don't you think more should be socialized 
Than is? 

What should you mean by socialized? 

Made good for everyone things like inventions- 
Made so we all should get the good of them 
All, not just great exploiting businesses. 

We sometimes only get the bad of them. 

In your sense of the word ambition has 

Been socialized the first propensity 

To be attempted. Greed may well come next. 

But the worst one of all to leave uncurbed, 

Unsocialized, is ingenuity: 

Which for no sordid self-aggrandizement, 

For nothing but its own blind satisfaction 

370 



(In this it is as much like hate as love) 

Works in the dark as much against as for us. 

Even while we talk some chemist at Columbia 

Is stealthily contriving wool from jute 

That when let loose upon the grazing world 

Will put ten thousand farmers out of sheep. 

Everyone asks for freedom for himself, 

The man free love, the business man free trade, 

The writer and talker free speech and free press. 

Political ambition has been taught, 

By being punished back, it is not free: 

It must at some point gracefully refrain. 

Greed has been taught a little abnegation 

And shalUbe more before we're done with it. 

It is just fool enough to think itself 

Self-taught. But our brute snarling and lashinj 

taught it. 

None shall be as ambitious as he can. 
None should be as ingenious as he could, 
Not if I had my say. Bounds should be set 
To ingenuity for being so cruel 
In bringing change unheralded on the unready, 

I elect you to put the curb on it. 

Were I dictator, I'll tell you what Fd do. 

What should you do? 

Fd let things take their course 
And then Fd claim the credit for the outcome. 

371 



You'd make a sort of safety-first dictator. 

Don't let the things I say against myself 

Betray you into taking sides against me, 

Or it might get you into trouble with me. 

Pm not afraid to prophesy the future, 

And be judged by the outcome, Meliboeus. 

Listen and I will take my dearest risk. 

We're always too much out or too much in. 

At present from a cosmical dilation 

We're so much out that the odds are against 

Our ever getting inside in again. 

But inside in is where we've got to get. 

My friends all know Pm interpersonal. 

But long before Pm interpersonal 

Away 'way down inside Pm personal. 

Just so before we're international 

We're national and act as nationals. 

The colors are kept unmixed on the palette, 

Or better on dish plates all around the room, 

So the effect when they are mixed on canvas 

May seem almost exclusively designed. 

Some minds are so confounded intermental 

They remind me of pictures on a palette: 

'Look at what happened. Surely some God pinxit. 

Come look at my significant mud pie.' 

It's hard to tell which is the worse abhorrence 

Whether it's persons pied or nations pied. 

Don't let me seem to say the exchange, the encounter, 

372 



May not be the important thing at last. 
It well may be. We meet I don't say when 
But must bring to the meeting the maturest, 
The longest-saved-up, raciest, localest 
We have strength of reserve in us to bring. 

Tityrus, sometimes I'm perplexed myself 
To find the good of commerce. Why should 1 
Have to sell you my apples and buy yours? 
It can't be just to give the robber a chance 
To catch them and take toll of them in transit. 
Too mean a thought to get much comfort out of. 
I figure that like any bandying 
Of words or toys, it ministers to health. 
It vory likely quickens and refines us. 

To market 'tis our destiny to go. 
But much as in the end we bring for sale there 
There is still more we never bring or should bring; 
More that should be kept backthe soil for 

instance 

In my opinion, though we both know poets 
Who fall all over each other to bring soil 
And even subsoil and hardpan to market. 
To sell the hay off, let alone the soil, 
Is an unpardonable sin in farming. 
The moral is, make a late start to market. 
Let me preach to you, will you Meliboeus? 
Preach on. I thought you were already preaching. 
But preach and see if I can tell the difference. 

373 



Needless to say to you, my argument 

Is not to lure the city to the country. 

Let those possess the land and only those, 

Who love it with a love so strong and stupid 

That they may be abused and taken advantage of 

And made fun of by business, law and art; 

They still hang on. That so much of the earth's 

Unoccupied need not make us uneasy. 

We don't pretend to complete occupancy. 

The world's one globe, human society 

Another softer globe that slightly flattened 

Rests on the world, and clinging slowly rolls. 

We have our own round shape to keep unbroken. 

The world's size has no more to do with us 

Than has the universe's. We arc balls, 

We are round from the same source of roundness. 

We are both round because the mind is round, 

Because all reasoning is in a circle. 

At least that's why the universe is round. 

If what you're preaching is a line of conduct, 
[ust what am I supposed to do about it? 
Reason in circles? 

No, refuse to be 

Seduced back to the land by any claim 
The land may seem to have on man to use it. 
Let none assume to till the land but farmers. 
I only speak to you as one of them. 
You shall go to your run-out mountain farm, 

374 



Poor cast-away of commerce, and so live 
That none shall ever see you come to market- 
Not for a long long time. Plant, breed, produce, 
But what you raise or grow, why feed it out, 
Eat it or plow it under where it stands 
To build the soil. For what is more accursed 
Than an impoverished soil pale and metallic? 
What cries more to our kind for sympathy? 
I'll make a compact with you, Meliboeus, 
To match you deed for deed and plan for plan. 
Friends crowd around me with their five year plans 
That Soviet Russia has made fashionable. 
You come to me and I'll unfold to you 
A five year plan I call so, not because 
It takes ten years or so to carry out, 
Rather because it took five years at least 
To think it out. Come close, let us conspire- 
In self-restraint, if in restraint of trade. 
You will go to your run-out mountain farm 
And do what I command you, I take care 
To command only what you meant to do 
Anyway. That is my style of dictator. 
Build soil. Turn the farm in upon itself 
Until it can contain itself no more, 
But sweating-full, drips wine and oil a little. 
I will go to my run-out social mind 
And be as unsocial with it as I can. 
The thought I have, and my first impulse is 
To take to market I will turn it under. 
The thought from that thought 1 will turn it under 

375 



so on to the limit of my nature. 
We are too much out, and if we won't draw in 
We shall be driven in. I was brought up 
A state-rights free-trade Democrat. What's that ? 
An inconsistency. The state shall be 
Laws to itself, it seems, and yet have no 
Control of what it sells or what it buys. 
Suppose someone comes near me who in rate 
Of speech and thinking is so much my better 
I am imposed on, silenced and discouraged. 
Do I submit to being supplied by him 
As the more economical producer, 
More wonderful, more beautiful producer? 
No. I unostentatiously move off 
Far enough for my thought-flow to resume. 
Thought product and food product are to me 
Nothing compared to the producing of them 
I sent you once a song with the refrain: 

Let me be the one 
To do what is done 

My share at least lest I be empty-idle. 
Keep off each other and keep each other off. 
You see the beauty of my proposal is 
It needn't wait on general revolution. 
I bid you to a one-man revolution 
The only revolution that is coming. 
We're too unseparate out among each other 
With goods to sell and notions to impart. 

376 



A youngster comes to me with half a quatrain 
To ask me if I think it worth the pains 
Of working out the rest, the other half. 
I am brought guaranteed young prattle poems 
Made publicly in school, above suspicion 
Of plagiarism and help of cheating parents. 
We congregate embracing from distrust 
As much as love, and too close in to strike 
And be so very striking. Steal away 
The song says. Steal away and stay away. 
Don't join too many gangs. Join few if any. 
Join the United States and join the family 
But not much in between unless a college. 
Is it a bargain, Shepherd Meliboeus? 

Probably but you're far too fast and strong 
For my mind to keep working in your presence. 
I can tell better after I get home, 
Better a month from now when cutting posts 
Or mending fence it all comes back to me 
What I was thinking when you interrupted 
My life-train logic. I agree with you 
We're too unseparate. And going home 
From company means coming to our senses. 



377 



A MISSIVE MISSILE 

Oome one in ancient Mas cT Azil 
Once took a little pebble wheel 
And dotted it with red for me, 
And sent it to me years and years 
A million years to be precise 
Across the barrier of ice: 
Two round dots and a ripple streak, 
So vivid as to seem to speak. 
But what imperfectly appears 
Is whether the two dots were tears, 
Two tear drops, one for either eye, 
And the wave line a shaken sigh. 
But no, the color used is red. 
Not tears but drops of blood instead. 
The line must be a jagged blade. 
The sender must have had to die, 
And wanted some one now to know 
His death was sacrificial- votive. 
So almost clear and yet obscure. 
If only anyone were sure 
A motive then was still a motive. 
O you who bring this to my hand, 
You are no common messenger 
(Your badge of office is a spade). 
It grieves me to have had you stand 
So long for nothing. No reply 
There is no answer, I'm afraid, 

378 



Across the icy barrier 

For my obscure petitioner. 

Suppose his ghost is standing by 

Importunate to give the hint 

And be successfully conveyed. 

How anyone can fail to see 

Where perfectly in form and tint 

The metaphor, the symbol lies! 

Why will I not analogize? 

(I do too much in some men's eyes.) 

Oh slow uncomprehending me, 

Enough to make a spirit moan 

Or rustle in a bush or tree. 

I have the ochre- written flint, 

The two dots and the ripple line. 

The meaning of it is unknown, 

Or else I fear entirely mine, 

All modern, nothing ancient in't, 

Unsatisfying to us each. 

Far as we aim our signs to reach, 

Far as we often make them reach, 

Across the soul-from-soul abyss, 

There is an aeon-limit set 

Beyond which they are doomed to miss. 

Two souls may be too widely met. 

That sad-with-distance river beach 

"With mortal longing may beseech; 

It cannot speak as far as this. 



379 



A Witness Tree 



BEECH 

rVhere my imaginary line 
Bends square in woods., an iron spine 
And pile of real rocks have beenfounded. 
And off this corner in the wild, 
Where these are driven in and piled, 
One tree, by being deeply wounded, 
Has been impressed as Witness Tree 
And made commit to memory 
My proof of being not unbounded. 
Thus truth's established and borne out, 
Though circumstanced with dark and doubt- 
Though by a world of doubt surrounded. 

THE MOODIE FORESTER 



SYCAMORE 

Zaccheus he 
Did climb the tree 
Our Lord to see. 

THE I EW F. NGLAND PRIMER 



383 



THE SILKEN TENT 



is as in a field a silken tent 
At midday when a sunny summer breeze 
Has dried the dew and all its ropes relent, 
So that in guys it gently sways at ease, 
And its supporting central cedar pole, 
That is its pinnacle to heavenward 
And signifies the sureness of the soul, 
Seems to owe naught to any single cord, 
But strictly held by none, is loosely bound 
By countless silken ties of love and thought 
To everything on earth the compass round, 
And only by one's going slightly taut 
In the capriciousness of summer air 
Is of the slightest bondage made aware. 



385 



ALL REVELATION 

A head thrusts in as for the view, 
But where it is it thrusts in from 
Or what it is it thrusts into 
By that Cyb'laean avenue, 
And what can of its coming come, 

And whither it will be withdrawn, 
And what take hence or leave behind, 
These things the mind has pondered on 
A moment and still asking gone. 
Strange apparition of the mind! 

But the impervious geode 
Was entered, and its inner crust 
Of crystals with a ray cathode 
At every point and facet glowed 
In answer to the mental thrust. 

Eyes seeking the response of eyes 
Bring out the stars, bring out the flowers, 
Thus concentrating earth and skies 
So none need be afraid of size. 
All revelation has been ours. 



386 



HAPPINESS MAKES UP IN HEIGHT 
FOR WHAT IT LACKS IN LENGTH 

Oh, stormy stormy world, 
The days you were not swirled 
Around with mist and cloud. 
Or wrapped as in a shroud, 
And the sun's brilliant ball 
Was not in part or all 
Obscured from mortal view- 
Were days so very few 
I can but wonder whence 
I get the lasting sense 
Ot so much warmth and light. 
If my mistrust is right 
It may be altogether 
From one day's perfect weather, 
When starting clear at dawn, 
The day swept clearly on 
To finish clear at eve. 
I verily believe 
My fair impression may 
Be all from that one day 
No shadow crossed but ours 
As through its blazing flowers 
We went from house to wood 
For change of solitude. 



38? 



COME IN 

rVs I came to the edge of the woodsJ 
Thrush music hark! ' 

Now if it was dusk outside, 
Inside it was dark. 

Too dark in the woods for a bird 
By sleight of wing 
To better its perch for the night, 
Though it still could sing. 

The^last of the light of the sun 
That had died in the west^ 
Still lived for one song more 
In a thrush's breast. 

Far in the pillared dark 
Thrush music went 
Almost like a call to come in 
To the dark and lament. 

But no, I was out for stars: 
I would not come in. 
\ meant not even if asked, 
\nd I hadn't been. 



I COULD GIVE ALL TO TIME 

To Time it never seems that he is brave 
To set himself against the peaks of snow 
To lay them level with the running wave, 
Nor is he overjoyed when they lie low, 
But only grave, contemplative and grave. 

What now is inland shall be ocean isle, 
Then eddies playing round a sunken reef 
Like the curl at the corner of a smile; 
And I could share Time's lack of joy or grief 
At such a planetary change of style. 

I could give all to Time except except 

What I myself have held. But why declare 

The things forbidden that while the Customs slept 

I have crossed to Safety with? For I am There, 

And what I would not part with I have kept. 



389 



CAKPE DIEM 

Age saw two quiet children 

Go loving by at twilight, 

He knew not whether homeward. 

Or outward from the village, 

Or (chimes were ringing) churchward. 

He waited (they were strangers) 

Till they were oat of hearing 

To bid them both be happy. 

u Be happy, happy, happy, 

And seize the day of pleasure." 

The age-long theme is Age's. 

'Twas Age imposed on poems 

Their gather-roses burden 

To warn against the danger 

That overtaken lovers 

From being overflooded 

With happiness should have it 

And yet not know they have it. 

But bid life seize the present? 

It lives less in the present 

Than in the future always, 

And less in both together 

Than in the past. The present 

Is too much for the senses, 

Too crowding, too confusing 

;Too present to imagine. 

390 



THE WIND AND THE RAIN 



1 hat far-off day the leaves in flight 
Were letting in the colder light. 
A season-ending wind there blew 
That as it did the forest strew 
I leaned on with a singing trust 
And let it drive me deathward too. 
V/ith breaking step I stabbed the dust, 
Yet did not much to shorten stride. 
I sang of deathbut had I known 
The many deaths one must have died 
Before he came to meet his own! 
Oh, should a child be left unwarned 
That any song in which he mourned 
Would be as if he prophesied? 
It were unworthy of the tongue 
To let the half of life alone 
And play the good without the ill. 
And yet 'twould seem that what is sung 
In happy sadness by the young 
F"ate has no choice but to fulfill. 

II * 

Flowers in the desert heat 

Contrive to bloom 

On melted mountain water led by flume 

To wet their feet. 



391 



But something in it still is incomplete. 

Before I thought the wilted to exalt 

With water I would see them water-bowed. 

I would pick up all ocean less its salt, 

And though it were as much as cloud could bear 

"Would load it on to cloud, 

And rolling it inland on roller air, 

Would empty it unsparing on the flower 

That past its prime lost petals in the flood, 

(Who cares but for the future of the bud?) 

And all the more the mightier the shower 

Would run in under it to get my share. 

*Tis not enough on roots and in the mouth, 
But give me water heavy on the head 
In all the passion of a broken drouth. 

And there is always more than should be said. 

As strong is rain without as wine within, 
As magical as sunlight on the skin. 

I have been one no dwelling could contain 
When there was rain; 

But I must forth at dusk, my time of day, 
To see to the unburdening of skies. 
Rain was the tears adopted by my eyes 
That have none left to stay. 

392 



THE MOST OF IT 

Jrle thought he kept the universe alone; 

For all the voice in answer he could wake 

Was but the mocking echo of his own 

From some tree-hidden cliff across the lake. 

Some morning from the boulder-broken beach 

He would cry out on life, that what it wants 

Is not its own love back in copy speech, 

But counter-love, original response. 

And nothing ever came of what he cried 

Unless it was the embodiment that crashed 

In the cliff's talus on the other side, 

And then in the far distant water splashed, 

But after a time allowed for it to swim, 

Instead of proving human when it neared 

And someone else additional to him, 

As a great buck it powerfully appeared, 

Pushing the crumpled water up ahead, 

And landed pouring like a waterfall, 

And stumbled through the rocks with horny tread, 

And forced the underbrush and that was all. 



393 



NEVER AGAIN WOULD 

BIRDS' SONG BE THE SAME 

lie would declare and could himself believe 
That the birds there in all the garden round 
From having heard the daylong voice of Eve 
Had added to their own an oversound, 
Her tone of meaning but without the words. 
Admittedly an eloquence so soft 
Could only have had an influence on birds 
When call or laughter carried it aloft. 
Be that as may be, she was in their song 
Moreover her voice upon their voices crossed 
Had now persisted in the woods so long 
That probably it never would be lost. 
Never again would birds' song be the same. 
And to do that to birds was why she came. 



394 



WILFUL HOMING 

It is getting dark and time he drew to a house, 
But the blizzard blinds him to any house ahead. 
The storm gets down his neck in an icy souse 
That sucks his breath like a wicked cat in bed. 

The snow blows on him and off him, exerting force 
Downward to make him sit astride a drift, 
Imprint a saddle and calmly consider a course. 
He peers out shrewdly into the thick and swift. 

Since he means to come to a door he will come to a 

door, 

Although so compromised of aim and rate 
He may fumble wide of the knob a yard or more, 
And to those concerned he may seem a little late, 



395 



A CLOUD SHADOW 

A breeze discovered my open book 
And began to flutter the leaves to look 
For a poem there used to be on Spring. 
I tried to tell her "There's no such thing!" 

For whom would a poem on Spring be by? 
The breeze disdained to make reply; 
And a cloud-shadow crossed her face 
For fear I would make her miss the place. 



396 



THE QUEST OF THE 
PURPLE-FRINGED 



I felt the chill of the meadow underfoot, 

But the sun overhead; 

And snatches of verse and song of scenes like this 

I sung or said. 

I skirted the margin alders for miles and miles 
In a sweeping line. 

The day was the day by every flower that blooms, 
But I saw no sign. 

Yet further I went to be before the scythe, 

For the grass was high; 

Till I saw the path where the slender fox had come 

And gone panting by. 

Then at last and following him I found- 
In the very hour 
When the color flushed to the petals it must have 

been 
The far-sought flower. 

There stood the purple spires with no breath of air 
Nor headlong bee 

To disturb their perfect poise the livelong day 
'Neath the alder tree. 

397 



i only knelt and putting the boughs aside 
Looked., or at most 

Counted them all to the buds in the copse's depth 
That were pale as a ghost. 

Then I arose and silently wandered home, 
And I for one 

Said that the fall might come and whirl of leaves. 
For summer was done. 



398 



THE GIFT OUTRIGHT 

1 he land was ours before we were the land's. 
She was our land more than a hundred years 
Before we were her people. She was ours 
In Massachusetts, in Virginia, 
But we were England's, still colonials, 
Possessing what we still were unpossessed by, 
Possessed by what we now no more possessed. 
Something we were withholding made us weak 
Until we found it was ourselves 
We were withholding from our land of living, 
And forthwith found salvation in surrender. 
Such as we were we gave ourselves outright 
(The deed of gift was many deeds of war) 
To the land vaguely realizing westward, 
But still unstoried, artless, uiienhanced, 
Such as she was, such as she would become. 



399 



TRIPLE BRONZE 

ihe Infinite's being so wide 
Is the reason the Powers provide 
For inner defense my hide. 
For next defense outside 

I make myself this time 
Of wood or granite or lime 
A wall too hard for crime 
Either to breach or climb. 

Then a number of us agree 
On a national boundary. 
And that defense makes three 
Between too much and me. 



400 



OUR HOLD ON THE PLANET 

\Ve asked for rain. It didn't flash and roar. 

It didn't lose its temper at our demand 

And blow a gale. It didn't misunderstand 

And give us more than our spokesman bargained 

for; 

And just because we owned to a wish for rain, 
Send us a flood and bid us be damned and drown. 
It gently threw us a glittering shower down. 
And when we had taken that into the roots of grain, 
It threw us another and then another still 
Till the spongy soil again was natal wet. 
We may doubt the just proportion of good to ill. 
There is much in nature against us. But we forget: 
Take nature altogether since time began, 
Including human nature, in peace and war, 
And it must be a little more in favor of man, 
Say a fraction of one per cent at the very least, 
Or our number living wouldn't be steadily more, 
Our hold on the planet wouldn't have so increased. 



401 



TO A YOUNG WRETCH 

(BOETHIAN) 

As gay for you to take your father's axe 

As take his gun rod to go hunting fishing. 

You nick my spruce until its fiber cracks. 

It gives up standing straight and goes down swishing. 

You link an arm in its arm and you lean 

Across the light snow homeward smelling green. 

[ could have bought you just as good a tree 

To frizzle resin in a candle flame, 

And what a saving 'twould have meant to me. 

But tree by charity is not the same 

As tree by enterprise and expedition. 

I must not spoil your Christmas with contrition. 

It is your Christmases against my woods. 
But even where thus opposing interests kill, 
They are to be thought of as opposing goods 
Oftener than as conflicting good and ill; 
Which makes the war god seem no special dunce 
For always fighting on both sides at once. 

And though in tinsel chain and popcorn rope, 
My tree a captive in your window bay 
Has lost its footing on my mountain slope 
And lost the stars of heaven, may, oh, may 
The symbol star it lifts against your ceiling 
Help me accept its fate with Christmas feeling. 

AO2 



THE LESSON FOR TODAY 

If this uncertain age in which we dwell 
Were really as dark as I hear sages tell, 
And I convinced that they were really sages, 
I should not curse myself with it to hell, 
But leaving not the chair I long have sat in, 
I should betake me back ten thousand pages 
To the world's undebatably dark ages, 
And getting up my mediaeval Latin, 
Seek converse common cause and brotherhood 
(By all that's liberalI should, I should) 
With poets who could calmly take the fate 
Of being born at once too early and late, 
And for these reasons kept from being great. 
Yet singing but Dione in the wood 
And uer aspergit terramfloribus 
They slowly led old Latin verse to rhyme 
And to forget the ancient lengths of time, 
And so began the modern world for us. 

Td say, O Master of the Palace School, 

You were not Charles' nor anybody's fool: 

Tell me as pedagogue to pedagogue* 

You did not know that since King Charles did rule 

You had no chance but to be minor, did you? 

Your light was spent perhaps as in a fog 

That at once kept you burning low and hid you. 

The age may very well have been to blame 

For your not having won to Virgil's fame. 

403 



But no one ever heard you make the claim. 

You would not think you knew enough to judge 

The age when full upon you. That's my point. 

We have to-day and I could call their name 

Who know exactly what is out of joint 

To make their verse and their excuses lame. 

They've tried to grasp with too much social fact 

Too large a situation. You and I 

Would be afraid if we should comprehend 

And get outside of too much bad statistics 

Our muscles never could again contract: 

We never could recover human shape, 

But must live lives out mentally agape, 

Or die of philosophical distension. 

That's how we feel and we're no special mystics. 

We can't appraise the time in which we act. 
But for the folly of it, let's pretend 
We know enough to know it for adverse. 
One more millennium's about to end. 
Let's celebrate the event, my distant friend, 
In publicly disputing which is worse, 
The present age or your age. You and I 
As schoolmen of repute should qualify 
To wage a fine scholastical contention 
As to whose age deserves the lower mark, 
Or should I say the higher one, for dark. 
I can just hear the way you make it go: 
There's always something to be sorry for, 
A sordid peace or an outrageous war. 

404 



Yes, yes, of course. We have the same convention. 

The groundwork of all faith is human woe. 

It was well worth preliminary mention. 

There's nothing but injustice to be had, 

No choice is left a poet, you might add, 

But how to take the curse, tragic or comic. 

It was well worth preliminary mention. 

But let's get on to where our cases part, 

If part they do. Let me propose a start. 

(We're rivals in the badness of our case, 

Remember, and must keep a solemn face.) 

Space ails us moderns: we are sick with space, 

Its contemplation makes us out as small 

As a brief epidemic of microbes 

That in a good glass may be seen to crawl 

The patina of this the least of globes. 

But have we there the advantage after all? 

You were belittled into vilest worms 

God hardly tolerated with his feet; 

Which comes to the same thing in different terms. 

We both are the belittled human race, 

One as compared with God and one with space, 

I had thought ours the more profound disgrace; 

But doubtless this was only my conceit. 

The cloister and the observatory safnt 

Take comfort in about the same complaint. 

So science and religion really meet. 



I can just hear you call your Palace class: 
Come learn the Latin Eheu for alas. 



403 



You may not want to use it and you may. 
O paladins, the lesson for to-day 
Is how to be unhappy yet polite. 
And at the summons Roland, Olivier, 
And every sheepish paladin and peer, 
Being already more than proved in fight, 
Sits down in school to try if he can write 
Like Horace in the true Horatian vein, 
Yet like a Christian disciplined to bend 
His mind to thinking always of the end. 
Memento mori and obey the Lord. 
Art and religion love the somber chord. 
Earth's a hard place in which to save the soul, 
And could it be brought under state control, 
So automatically we all were saved, 
Its separateness from Heaven could be waive 
It might as well at once be kingdom-come. 
(Perhaps it will be next millennium.) 

But these are universals, not confined 
To any one time, place, or human kind. 
We're either nothing or a God's regret. 
As ever when philosophers are met, 
No matter where they stoutly mean to get, 
Nor what particulars they reason from, 
They are philosophers, and from old habit 
They end up in the universal Whole 
As unoriginal as any rabbit. 



406 



One age is like another for the soul. 
I'm telling you. You haven't said a thing, 
Unless I put it in your mouth to say. 
Fm having the whole argument my way 
But in your favorplease to tell your King- 
In having granted you all ages shine 
With equal darkness, yours as dark as mine. 
I'm liberal. You, you aristocrat 
Won't know exactly what I mean by that. 
I mean so altruistically moral 
I never take my own side in a quarrel. 
Fd lay my hand on his hand on his staff, 
Lean back and have my confidential laugh, 
And tell him I had read his Epitaph. 

It sent me to the graves the other day. 

The only other there was far away 

Across the landscape with a watering pot 

At his devotions in a special plot. 

And he was there resuscitating flowers 

(Make no mistake about its being bones); 

But I was only there to read the stones 

To see what on the whole they had to say 

About how long a man may think to live, 

Which is becoming my concern of fete. 

And very wide the choice they seemed to give; 

The ages ranging all the way from hours 

To months and years and many many years. 

One man had lived one hundred years and eight. 

But though we all may be inclined to wait 

407 



And follow some development of state, 

Or see what comes of science and invention, 

There is a limit to our time extension. 

We all are doomed to broken-off careers, 

And so's the nation, so's the total race. 

The earth itself is liable to the fate 

Of meaninglessly being broken off. 

(And hence so many literary tears 

At which my inclination is to scoff. ) 

I may have wept that any should have died 

Or missed their chance, or not have been their best, 

Or been their riches, fame, or love denied; 

On me as much as any is the jest. 

I take my incompleteness with the rest. 

God bless himself can no one else be blessed. 

I hold your doctrine of Memento Mori. 
And were an epitaph to be my story 
I'd have a short one ready for my own. 
I would have written of me on my stone: 
I had a lovers quarrel with the world. 



408 



TIME OUT 

It took that pause to make him realize 

The mountain he was climbing had the slant 

As of a book held up before his eyes 

(And was a text albeit done in plant). 

Dwarf cornel, gold-thread, and maianthemum, 

He following fingered as he read, 

The flowers fading on the seed to come; 

But the thing was the slope it gave his head: 

The same for reading as it was for thought, 

So different from the hard and level stare 

Of enemies defied and battles fought. 

It was the obstinately gentle air 

That may be clamored at by cause and sec*. 

But it will have its moment to reflect. 



409 



TO A MOTH SEEN IN WINTER 

Here's first a gloveless hand warm from my pocket, 
A perch and resting place 'twixt wood and wood, 
Bright-black-eyed silvery creature, brushed with 

brown, 

The wings not folded in repose, but spread. 
(Who would you be, I wonder, by those marks 
If I had moths to friend as I have flowers?) 
And now pray tell what lured you with false hope 
To make the venture of eternity 
And seek the love of kind in winter time? 
But stay and hear me out. I surely think 
You make a labor of flight for one so airy, 
Spending yourself too much in self-support. 
Nor will you find love either nor love you. 
And what I pity in you is something human, 
The old incurable untimeliness, 
Only begetter of all ills that are. 
But go. You are right. My pity cannot help. 
Go till you wet your pinions and are quenched. 
You must be made more simply wise than I 
To know the hand I stretch impulsively 
Across the gulf of well nigh everything 
May reach to you, but cannot touch your fate. 
I cannot touch your life, much less can save, 
Who am tasked to save my own a little while. 

CIRCA 1900 
410 



A CONSIDERABLE SPECK 
(MICROSCOPIC) 

A speck that would have been beneath my sight 

On any but a paper sheet so white 

Set off across what I had written there. 

And I had idly poised my pen in air 

To stop it with a period of ink 

When something strange about it made me think, 

This was no dust speck by my breathing blown, 

But unmistakably a living mite 

With inclinations it could call its own. 

It paused as with suspicion of my pen, 

And then came racing wildly on again 

To where my manuscript was not yet dry; 

Then paused again and either drank or smelt 

"With loathing, for again it turned to fly. 

Plainly with an intelligence I dealt. 

It seemed too tiny to have room for feet, 

Yet must have had a set of them complete 

To express how much it didn't want to die. 

It ran with terror and with cunning crept. 

It faltered: I could see it hesitate; 

Then in the middle of the open sheet 

Cower down in desperation to accept 

Whatever I accorded it of fate. 

I have none of the tenderer-than-thou 

Collectivistic regimenting love 

With which the modern world is being swept. 

411 



But this poor microscopic item now! 
Since it was nothing I knew evil of 
I let it lie there till I hope it slept. 

I have a mind myself and recognize 
Mind when I meet with it in any guise. 
No one can know how glad I am to find 
On any sheet the least display of mind. 



412 



THE LOST FOLLOWER 

As I have known them passionate and fine 
The gold for which they leave the golden line 
Of lyric is a golden light divine, 
Never the gold of darkness from a mine. 

The spirit plays us strange religious pranks 
To whatsoever god we owe the thanks. 
No one has ever failed the poet ranks 
To link a chain of money-metal banks. 

The loss to song, the danger of defection 
Is always in the opposite direction. 
Some turn in sheer, in Shelleyan dejection 
To try if one more popular election 

Will give us by short cut the final stage 

That poetry with all its golden rage 

For beauty on the illuminated page 

Has failed to bring I mean the Golden Age. 

And if this may not be (and nothing's sure), 
At least to live ungolden with the poor, 
Enduring what the ungolden must endure. 
This has been poetry's great anti-lure. 

The muse mourns one who went to his retreat 
Long since in some abysmal city street, 

413 



The bride who shared the crust he broke to eat 
As grave as he about the world's defeat. 

With such it has proved dangerous as friend 
Even in a playful moment to contend 
That the millennium to which you bend 
In longing is not at a progress-end 

By grace of state-manipulated pelf, 
Or politics of Ghibelline or Guelph, 
But right beside you book-like on a shelf, 
Or even better god-like in yourself. 

He trusts my love too well to deign reply. 
But there is in the sadness of his eye, 
Something about a kingdom in the sky 
(As yet unbrought to earth) he means to try. 



414 



NOVEMBER 

\Ve saw leaves go to glory, 
Then almost migratory 
Go part way down the lane, 
And then to end the story 
Get beaten down and pasted 
In one wild day of rain. 
We heard " 'Tis over" roaring. 
A year of leaves was wasted. 
Oh, we make a boast of storing, 
Of saving and of keeping, 
But only by ignoring 
The waste of moments sleeping, 
The waste of pleasure weeping, 
By denying and ignoring 
The waste of nations warring. 

1938 



415 



THE RABBIT HUNTER 

(Careless and still 
The hunter lurks 
With gun depressed, 
Facing alone 
The alder swamp? 
Ghastly snow-white. 
And his hound works 
In the ofiing there 
Like one possessed, 
And yelps delight 
And sings and romps, 
Bringing him on 
The shadowy hare 
For him to rend 
And deal a death 
That he nor it 
(Nor I) have wit 
To comprehend. 



4*6 



A LOOSE MOUNTAIN 
(TELESCOPIC) 

JDid you stay up last night (the Magi did) 

To see the star shower known as Leonid 

That once a year by hand or apparatus 

Is so mysteriously pelted at us? 

It is but fiery puffs of dust and pebbles, 

No doubt directed at our heads as rebels 

In having taken artificial light 

Against the ancient sovereignty of night. 

A fusillade of blanks and empty flashes, 

It never reaches earth except as ashes 

Of which you feel no least touch on your face 

Nor find in dew the slightest cloudy trace. 

Nevertheless it constitutes a hint 

That the loose mountain lately seen to glint 

In sunlight near us in momentous swing 

Is something in a Balearic sling 

The heartless and enormous Outer Black 

Is still withholding in the Zodiac 

But from irresolution in his back 

About when best to have us in our orbit, 

So we won't simply take it and absorb it. 



417 



IT IS ALMOST THE YEAR 
TWO THOUSAND 

To start the world of old 
We had one age of gold 
Not labored out of mines, 
And some say there are signs 
The second such has come, 
The true Millennium, 
The final golden glow 
To end it. And if so 
(And science ought to know) 
We well may raise our heads 
From weeding garden beds 
And annotating books 
To watch this end de luxe. 



418 



ON OUR SYMPATHY WITH 
THE UNDER DOG 

Jrirst under up and then again down under, 

We watch a circus of revolving dogs 

No senator dares in to kick asunder 

Lest both should bite him in the toga-togs. 



419 



A QUESTION 

A voice said. Look me in the stars 
And tell me truly, men of earth, 
If all the soul-and-body scars 
Were not too much to pay for birth. 



42O 



BOEOTIAN 

I love to toy with the Platonic notion 
That wisdom need not be of Athens Attic, 
But well may be Laconic., even Boeotian. 
At least I will not have it systematic. 



421 



THE SECRET SITS 

\Ve dance round in a ring and suppose, 
But the Secret sits in the middle and knows. 



422 



A SEMI-REVOLUTION 

1 advocate a semi-revolution. 

The trouble with a total revolution 

(Ask any reputable Rosicrucian) 

Is that it brings the same class up on top. 

Executives of skillful execution 

Will therefore plan to go half-way and stop. 

Yes, revolutions are the only salves, 

But they're one thing that should be done by halves 



423 



ASSURANCE 

The danger not an inch outside 
Behind the porthole's slab of glass 
And double ring of fitted brass 
L trust feels properly defied. 



4/24 



AN ANSWER 



But Islands of the Blessed, bless you son, 
I never came upon a blessed one. 



425 



TRESPASS 

INO, I had set no prohibiting sign, 
And yes, my land was hardly fenced. 
Nevertheless the land was mine: 
I was being trespassed on and against. 

Whoever the surly freedom took 
Of such an unaccountable stay 
Busying by my woods and brook 
Gave me strangely restless day. 

He might be opening leaves of stone., 
The picture-book of the trilobite, 
For which the region round was known,, 
And in which there was little property right. 

'Twas not the value I stood to lose 
In specimen crab in specimen rock, 
But his ignoring what was whose 
That made me look again at the clock. 

Then came his little acknowledgment: 
He asked for a drink at the kitchen door, 
An errand he may have had to invent, 
But it made my property mine once more. 



426 



A NATURE NOTE 

Jr our or five whippoorwills 

Have come down from their native ledge 

To the open country edge 

To give us a piece of their bills. 

Two in June were a pair 
You'd say sufficiently loud, 
But this was a family crowd, 
A full-fledged family affair. 

All out of time pell-mell! 
I wasn't in on the joke 
Unless it was coming to folk 
To bid us a mock farewell. 

I took note of when it occurred, 
The twenty-third of September, 
Their latest that I remember, 
September the twenty-third. 



427 



OF THE STONES OF THE PLACE 

1 farm a pasture where the boulders lie 
As touching as a basket full of eggs. 
And though they're nothing anybody begs, 
I wonder if it wouldn't signify 

For me to send you one out where you live 
In wind-soil to a depth of thirty feet, 
And every acre good enough to eat, 
As fine as flour put through a baker's sieve. 

I'd ship a smooth one you could slap and chafe, 

And set up like a statue in your yard, 

An eolith palladium to guard 

The West and keep the old tradition safe. 

Carve nothing on it. You can simply say 
In self-defense to quizzical inquiry: 
"The portrait of the soul of my gransir Ira. 
It came from where he came from anyway." 



A SERIOUS STEP LIGHTLY TAKEN 

Between two burrs on the map 

Was a hollow-headed snake. 

The burrs were hills, the snake was a stream, 

And the hollow head was a lake. 

And the dot in front of a name 

Was what should be a town. 

And there might be a house we could buy 

For only a dollar down. 

With two wheels low in the ditch 

We left our boiling car, 

And knocked at the door of a house we found, 

And there to-day we are. 

It is turning three hundred years 
On our cisatlantic shore 
For family after family name. 
We'll make it three hundred more 

For our name farming here, 
Aloof yet not aloof, 
Enriching soil and increasing stock, 
Repairing fence and roof; 



429 



A hundred thousand days 
Of front-page paper events, 
A half a dozen major wars, 
And forty-five presidents. 



430 



THE LITERATE FARMER AND THE 
PLANET VENUS 

A Dated Popular-Science Medley 
on a Mysterious Light Recently Observed in the 
Sky at Evening 



JVly unexpected knocking at the door 

Started chairs thundering on the kitchen floor, 

Knives and forks ringing on the supper plates, 

Voices conflicting like the candidates. 

A mighty farmer flung the house door wide, 

He and a lot of children came outside, 

And there on an equality we stood. 

That's the time knocking at a door did good. 

"I stopped to compliment you on this star 
You get the beauty of from where you are. 
To see it so, the bright and only one 
In sunset light, you'd think it was the sun 
That hadn't sunk the way it should have sunk, 
But right in heaven was slowly being shrunk 
So small as to be virtually gone, 
Yet there to watch the darkness coming on 
Like someone dead permitted to exist 
Enough to see if he was greatly missed. 
I didn't see the sun set. Did it set? 
Will anybody swear that isn't it? 
And will you give me shelter for the night? 
If not, a glass of rnilk will be all right. " 

431 



4 'Traveler, I'm glad you asked about that light. 
Your mind mistrusted there was something wrong, 
And naturally you couldn't go along 
Without inquiring if 'twas serious. 
'Twas providential you applied to us, 
Who were just on the subject when you came. 
There is a star that's Serious by name 
And nature too, but this is not the same. 
This light's been going on for several years, 
Although at times we think it disappears. 
You'll hear all sorts of things. You'll meet with them 
Will tell you it's the star of Bethlehem 
Above some more religion in a manger. 
But put that down to superstition, Stranger. 
What's a star doing big as a baseball? 
Between us two it's not a star at all. 
It's a new patented electric light, 
Put up on trial by that Jerseyite 
So much is being now expected of, 
To give developments the final shove 
And turn us into the next specie folks 
Are going to be, unless these monkey jokes 
Of the last fifty years are all a libel, 
And Darwin's proved mistaken, not the Bible. 
I s'pose you have your notions on the vexed 
Question of what we're turning into next." 

"As liberals we're willing to give place 
To any demonstrably better race, 
No matter what the color of its skin. 

432 



(But what a human race the white has been!) 

I heard a fellow in a public lecture 

On Pueblo Indians and their architecture 

Declare that if such Indians inherited 

The condemned world the legacy was merited. 

So far as he, the speaker, was concerned 

He had his ticket bought, his passage earned, 

To take the Mayflower back where he belonged 

Before the Indian race was further wronged. 

But come, enlightened as in talk you seem, 

You don't believe that that first-water gleam 

Is not a star?" 

''Believe it? Why, I know it. 
Its actions any cloudless night will show it. 
You'll see it be allowed up just so high, 
Say about halfway up the western sky, 
And then get slowly, slowly pulled back down. 

You might not notice if you've lived in town, 

As I suspect you have. A town debars 

Much notice of what's going on in stars. 

The idea is no doubt to make one job 

Of lighting the whole night with one big blob 

Of electricity in bulk the way 

The sun sets the example in the day." 

"Here come more stars to character the skies, 
And they in the estimation of the wise 
Are more divine than any bulb or arc, 

433 



Because their purpose is to flash and spark. 
But not to take away the precious dark. 
We need the interruption of the night 
To ease attention off when overtight, 
To break our logic in too long a flight, 
And ask us if our premises are right." 

"Sick talk, sick talk, sick sentimental talk! 
It doesn't do you any good to walk. 
I see what you are: can't get you excited 
With hopes of getting mankind unbenighted. 
Some ignorance takes rank as innocence. 
Have it for all of me and have it dense. 
The slave will never thank his manumitter; 
Which often makes the manumitter bitter.'' 

u ln short, you think that star a patent medicine 
Put up to cure the world by Mr. Edison." 

"You said it that's exactly what it is. 
My son in Jersey says a friend of his 
Knows the old man and nobody's so deep 
In incandescent lamps and ending sleep. 
The old man argues science cheapened speed. 
A good cheap anti-dark is now the need. 
Give us a good cheap twenty-four-hour day, 
No part of which we'd have to waste, I say, 
And who knows where we can't get! Wasting time 
In sleep or slowness is the deadly crime. 
He gave up sleep himself some time ago, 

434 



It puffs the face and brutalizes so. 
You take the ugliness all so much dread, 
Called getting out of the wrong side of bed. 
That is the source perhaps of human hate, 
And well may be where wars originate. 
Get rid of that and there' d be left no great 
Of either murder or war in any land. 
You know how cunningly mankind is planned: 
We have one loving and one hating hand. 
The loving's made to hold each other like, 
While with the hating other hand we strike. 
The blow can be no stronger than the clutch, 
Or soon we'd bat each other out of touch, 
And the fray wouldn't last a single round. 
And still it's bad enough co badly wound, 
And if our getting up to start the day 
On the right side of bed would end the fray, 
We'd hail the remedy. But it's been tried 
And found, he says, a bed has no right side. 
The trouble is, with that receipt for love, 
A bed's got no right side to get out of. 
We can't be trusted to the sleep we take, 
And simply must evolve to stay awake. 
He thinks that chairs and tables will endure, 
But beds in less than fifty years he's sure 
There will be no such piece of furniture. 
He's surely got it in for cots and beds. 
No need for us to rack our common heads 
About it, though. We haven't got the mind. 
It best be left to great men of his kind 

435 



Who have no other object than our good. 

There's a lot yet that isn't understood. 

Ain't it a caution to us not to fix 

No limits to what rose in rubbing sticks 

On fire to scare away the pterodix 

When man first lived in caves along the creeks? " 

"Marvelous world in nineteen- twenty-six. " 

  I

  From fairest creatures we desire increase,
  That thereby beauty's rose might never die,
  But as the riper should by time decease,
  His tender heir might bear his memory:
  But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
  Feed'st thy light's flame with self-substantial fuel,
  Making a famine where abundance lies,
  Thy self thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel:
  Thou that art now the world's fresh ornament,
  And only herald to the gaudy spring,
  Within thine own bud buriest thy content,
  And tender churl mak'st waste in niggarding:
    Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
    To eat the world's due, by the grave and thee.

  II

  When forty winters shall besiege thy brow,
  And dig deep trenches in thy beauty's field,
  Thy youth's proud livery so gazed on now,
  Will be a tatter'd weed of small worth held:
  Then being asked, where all thy beauty lies,
  Where all the treasure of thy lusty days;
  To say, within thine own deep sunken eyes,
  Were an all-eating shame, and thriftless praise.
  How much more praise deserv'd thy beauty's use,
  If thou couldst answer 'This fair child of mine
  Shall sum my count, and make my old excuse,'
  Proving his beauty by succession thine!
    This were to be new made when thou art old,
    And see thy blood warm when thou feel'st it cold.

  III

  Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest
  Now is the time that face should form another;
  Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest,
  Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother.
  For where is she so fair whose unear'd womb
  Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry?
  Or who is he so fond will be the tomb,
  Of his self-love to stop posterity?
  Thou art thy mother's glass and she in thee
  Calls back the lovely April of her prime;
  So thou through windows of thine age shalt see,
  Despite of wrinkles this thy golden time.
    But if thou live, remember'd not to be,
    Die single and thine image dies with thee.

  IV

  Unthrifty loveliness, why dost thou spend
  Upon thy self thy beauty's legacy?
  Nature's bequest gives nothing, but doth lend,
  And being frank she lends to those are free:
  Then, beauteous niggard, why dost thou abuse
  The bounteous largess given thee to give?
  Profitless usurer, why dost thou use
  So great a sum of sums, yet canst not live?
  For having traffic with thy self alone,
  Thou of thy self thy sweet self dost deceive:
  Then how when nature calls thee to be gone,
  What acceptable audit canst thou leave?
    Thy unused beauty must be tombed with thee,
    Which, used, lives th' executor to be.

  V

  Those hours, that with gentle work did frame
  The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell,
  Will play the tyrants to the very same
  And that unfair which fairly doth excel;
  For never-resting time leads summer on
  To hideous winter, and confounds him there;
  Sap checked with frost, and lusty leaves quite gone,
  Beauty o'er-snowed and bareness every where:
  Then were not summer's distillation left,
  A liquid prisoner pent in walls of glass,
  Beauty's effect with beauty were bereft,
  Nor it, nor no remembrance what it was:
    But flowers distill'd, though they with winter meet,
    Leese but their show; their substance still lives sweet.


  VI

  Then let not winter's ragged hand deface,
  In thee thy summer, ere thou be distill'd:
  Make sweet some vial; treasure thou some place
  With beauty's treasure ere it be self-kill'd.
  That use is not forbidden usury,
  Which happies those that pay the willing loan;
  That's for thy self to breed another thee,
  Or ten times happier, be it ten for one;
  Ten times thy self were happier than thou art,
  If ten of thine ten times refigur'd thee:
  Then what could death do if thou shouldst depart,
  Leaving thee living in posterity?
    Be not self-will'd, for thou art much too fair
    To be death's conquest and make worms thine heir.

  VII

  Lo! in the orient when the gracious light
  Lifts up his burning head, each under eye
  Doth homage to his new-appearing sight,
  Serving with looks his sacred majesty;
  And having climb'd the steep-up heavenly hill,
  Resembling strong youth in his middle age,
  Yet mortal looks adore his beauty still,
  Attending on his golden pilgrimage:
  But when from highmost pitch, with weary car,
  Like feeble age, he reeleth from the day,
  The eyes, 'fore duteous, now converted are
  From his low tract, and look another way:
    So thou, thyself outgoing in thy noon:
    Unlook'd, on diest unless thou get a son.

  VIII

  Music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly?
  Sweets with sweets war not, joy delights in joy:
  Why lov'st thou that which thou receiv'st not gladly,
  Or else receiv'st with pleasure thine annoy?
  If the true concord of well-tuned sounds,
  By unions married, do offend thine ear,
  They do but sweetly chide thee, who confounds
  In singleness the parts that thou shouldst bear.
  Mark how one string, sweet husband to another,
  Strikes each in each by mutual ordering;
  Resembling sire and child and happy mother,
  Who, all in one, one pleasing note do sing:
    Whose speechless song being many, seeming one,
    Sings this to thee: 'Thou single wilt prove none.'

  IX

  Is it for fear to wet a widow's eye,
  That thou consum'st thy self in single life?
  Ah! if thou issueless shalt hap to die,
  The world will wail thee like a makeless wife;
  The world will be thy widow and still weep
  That thou no form of thee hast left behind,
  When every private widow well may keep
  By children's eyes, her husband's shape in mind:
  Look! what an unthrift in the world doth spend
  Shifts but his place, for still the world enjoys it;
  But beauty's waste hath in the world an end,
  And kept unused the user so destroys it.
    No love toward others in that bosom sits
    That on himself such murd'rous shame commits.

  X

  For shame! deny that thou bear'st love to any,
  Who for thy self art so unprovident.
  Grant, if thou wilt, thou art belov'd of many,
  But that thou none lov'st is most evident:
  For thou art so possess'd with murderous hate,
  That 'gainst thy self thou stick'st not to conspire,
  Seeking that beauteous roof to ruinate
  Which to repair should be thy chief desire.
  O! change thy thought, that I may change my mind:
  Shall hate be fairer lodg'd than gentle love?
  Be, as thy presence is, gracious and kind,
  Or to thyself at least kind-hearted prove:
    Make thee another self for love of me,
    That beauty still may live in thine or thee.

  XI

  As fast as thou shalt wane, so fast thou grow'st,
  In one of thine, from that which thou departest;
  And that fresh blood which youngly thou bestow'st,
  Thou mayst call thine when thou from youth convertest,
  Herein lives wisdom, beauty, and increase;
  Without this folly, age, and cold decay:
  If all were minded so, the times should cease
  And threescore year would make the world away.
  Let those whom nature hath not made for store,
  Harsh, featureless, and rude, barrenly perish:
  Look, whom she best endow'd, she gave thee more;
  Which bounteous gift thou shouldst in bounty cherish:
    She carv'd thee for her seal, and meant thereby,
    Thou shouldst print more, not let that copy die.

  XII

  When I do count the clock that tells the time,
  And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;
  When I behold the violet past prime,
  And sable curls, all silvered o'er with white;
  When lofty trees I see barren of leaves,
  Which erst from heat did canopy the herd,
  And summer's green all girded up in sheaves,
  Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard,
  Then of thy beauty do I question make,
  That thou among the wastes of time must go,
  Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake
  And die as fast as they see others grow;
    And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defence
    Save breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.

  XIII

  O! that you were your self; but, love you are
  No longer yours, than you your self here live:
  Against this coming end you should prepare,
  And your sweet semblance to some other give:
  So should that beauty which you hold in lease
  Find no determination; then you were
  Yourself again, after yourself's decease,
  When your sweet issue your sweet form should bear.
  Who lets so fair a house fall to decay,
  Which husbandry in honour might uphold,
  Against the stormy gusts of winter's day
  And barren rage of death's eternal cold?
    O! none but unthrifts. Dear my love, you know,
    You had a father: let your son say so.

  XIV

  Not from the stars do I my judgement pluck;
  And yet methinks I have astronomy,
  But not to tell of good or evil luck,
  Of plagues, of dearths, or seasons' quality;
  Nor can I fortune to brief minutes tell,
  Pointing to each his thunder, rain and wind,
  Or say with princes if it shall go well
  By oft predict that I in heaven find:
  But from thine eyes my knowledge I derive,
  And constant stars in them I read such art
  As 'Truth and beauty shall together thrive,
  If from thyself, to store thou wouldst convert';
    Or else of thee this I prognosticate:
    'Thy end is truth's and beauty's doom and date.'

  XV

  When I consider every thing that grows
  Holds in perfection but a little moment,
  That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows
  Whereon the stars in secret influence comment;
  When I perceive that men as plants increase,
  Cheered and checked even by the self-same sky,
  Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease,
  And wear their brave state out of memory;
  Then the conceit of this inconstant stay
  Sets you most rich in youth before my sight,
  Where wasteful Time debateth with decay
  To change your day of youth to sullied night,
    And all in war with Time for love of you,
    As he takes from you, I engraft you new.

  XVI

  But wherefore do not you a mightier way
  Make war upon this bloody tyrant, Time?
  And fortify your self in your decay
  With means more blessed than my barren rhyme?
  Now stand you on the top of happy hours,
  And many maiden gardens, yet unset,
  With virtuous wish would bear you living flowers,
  Much liker than your painted counterfeit:
  So should the lines of life that life repair,
  Which this, Time's pencil, or my pupil pen,
  Neither in inward worth nor outward fair,
  Can make you live your self in eyes of men.
    To give away yourself, keeps yourself still,
    And you must live, drawn by your own sweet skill.

  XVII

  Who will believe my verse in time to come,
  If it were fill'd with your most high deserts?
  Though yet heaven knows it is but as a tomb
  Which hides your life, and shows not half your parts.
  If I could write the beauty of your eyes,
  And in fresh numbers number all your graces,
  The age to come would say 'This poet lies;
  Such heavenly touches ne'er touch'd earthly faces.'
  So should my papers, yellow'd with their age,
  Be scorn'd, like old men of less truth than tongue,
  And your true rights be term'd a poet's rage
  And stretched metre of an antique song:
    But were some child of yours alive that time,
    You should live twice,--in it, and in my rhyme.

  XVIII

  Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
  Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
  Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
  And summer's lease hath all too short a date:
  Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
  And often is his gold complexion dimm'd,
  And every fair from fair sometime declines,
  By chance, or nature's changing course untrimm'd:
  But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
  Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow'st,
  Nor shall death brag thou wander'st in his shade,
  When in eternal lines to time thou grow'st,
    So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see,
    So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.

  XIX

  Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
  And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
  Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws,
  And burn the long-liv'd phoenix, in her blood;
  Make glad and sorry seasons as thou fleets,
  And do whate'er thou wilt, swift-footed Time,
  To the wide world and all her fading sweets;
  But I forbid thee one most heinous crime:
  O! carve not with thy hours my love's fair brow,
  Nor draw no lines there with thine antique pen;
  Him in thy course untainted do allow
  For beauty's pattern to succeeding men.
    Yet, do thy worst old Time: despite thy wrong,
    My love shall in my verse ever live young.

  XX

  A woman's face with nature's own hand painted,
  Hast thou, the master mistress of my passion;
  A woman's gentle heart, but not acquainted
  With shifting change, as is false women's fashion:
  An eye more bright than theirs, less false in rolling,
  Gilding the object whereupon it gazeth;
  A man in hue all 'hues' in his controlling,
  Which steals men's eyes and women's souls amazeth.
  And for a woman wert thou first created;
  Till Nature, as she wrought thee, fell a-doting,
  And by addition me of thee defeated,
  By adding one thing to my purpose nothing.
    But since she prick'd thee out for women's pleasure,
    Mine be thy love and thy love's use their treasure.

  XXI

  So is it not with me as with that Muse,
  Stirr'd by a painted beauty to his verse,
  Who heaven itself for ornament doth use
  And every fair with his fair doth rehearse,
  Making a couplement of proud compare.
  With sun and moon, with earth and sea's rich gems,
  With April's first-born flowers, and all things rare,
  That heaven's air in this huge rondure hems.
  O! let me, true in love, but truly write,
  And then believe me, my love is as fair
  As any mother's child, though not so bright
  As those gold candles fix'd in heaven's air:
    Let them say more that like of hearsay well;
    I will not praise that purpose not to sell.

  XXII

  My glass shall not persuade me I am old,
  So long as youth and thou are of one date;
  But when in thee time's furrows I behold,
  Then look I death my days should expiate.
  For all that beauty that doth cover thee,
  Is but the seemly raiment of my heart,
  Which in thy breast doth live, as thine in me:
  How can I then be elder than thou art?
  O! therefore love, be of thyself so wary
  As I, not for myself, but for thee will;
  Bearing thy heart, which I will keep so chary
  As tender nurse her babe from faring ill.
    Presume not on thy heart when mine is slain,
    Thou gav'st me thine not to give back again.

  XXIII

  As an unperfect actor on the stage,
  Who with his fear is put beside his part,
  Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage,
  Whose strength's abundance weakens his own heart;
  So I, for fear of trust, forget to say
  The perfect ceremony of love's rite,
  And in mine own love's strength seem to decay,
  O'ercharg'd with burthen of mine own love's might.
  O! let my looks be then the eloquence
  And dumb presagers of my speaking breast,
  Who plead for love, and look for recompense,
  More than that tongue that more hath more express'd.
    O! learn to read what silent love hath writ:
    To hear with eyes belongs to love's fine wit.

  XXIV

  Mine eye hath play'd the painter and hath stell'd,
  Thy beauty's form in table of my heart;
  My body is the frame wherein 'tis held,
  And perspective it is best painter's art.
  For through the painter must you see his skill,
  To find where your true image pictur'd lies,
  Which in my bosom's shop is hanging still,
  That hath his windows glazed with thine eyes.
  Now see what good turns eyes for eyes have done:
  Mine eyes have drawn thy shape, and thine for me
  Are windows to my breast, where-through the sun
  Delights to peep, to gaze therein on thee;
    Yet eyes this cunning want to grace their art,
    They draw but what they see, know not the heart.

  XXV

  Let those who are in favour with their stars
  Of public honour and proud titles boast,
  Whilst I, whom fortune of such triumph bars
  Unlook'd for joy in that I honour most.
  Great princes' favourites their fair leaves spread
  But as the marigold at the sun's eye,
  And in themselves their pride lies buried,
  For at a frown they in their glory die.
  The painful warrior famoused for fight,
  After a thousand victories once foil'd,
  Is from the book of honour razed quite,
  And all the rest forgot for which he toil'd:
    Then happy I, that love and am belov'd,
    Where I may not remove nor be remov'd.

  XXVI

  Lord of my love, to whom in vassalage
  Thy merit hath my duty strongly knit,
  To thee I send this written embassage,
  To witness duty, not to show my wit:
  Duty so great, which wit so poor as mine
  May make seem bare, in wanting words to show it,
  But that I hope some good conceit of thine
  In thy soul's thought, all naked, will bestow it:
  Till whatsoever star that guides my moving,
  Points on me graciously with fair aspect,
  And puts apparel on my tatter'd loving,
  To show me worthy of thy sweet respect:
    Then may I dare to boast how I do love thee;
    Till then, not show my head where thou mayst prove me.

  XXVII

  Weary with toil, I haste me to my bed,
  The dear respose for limbs with travel tir'd;
  But then begins a journey in my head
  To work my mind, when body's work's expired:
  For then my thoughts--from far where I abide--
  Intend a zealous pilgrimage to thee,
  And keep my drooping eyelids open wide,
  Looking on darkness which the blind do see:
  Save that my soul's imaginary sight
  Presents thy shadow to my sightless view,
  Which, like a jewel hung in ghastly night,
  Makes black night beauteous, and her old face new.
    Lo! thus, by day my limbs, by night my mind,
    For thee, and for myself, no quiet find.

  XXVIII

  How can I then return in happy plight,
  That am debarre'd the benefit of rest?
  When day's oppression is not eas'd by night,
  But day by night and night by day oppress'd,
  And each, though enemies to either's reign,
  Do in consent shake hands to torture me,
  The one by toil, the other to complain
  How far I toil, still farther off from thee.
  I tell the day, to please him thou art bright,
  And dost him grace when clouds do blot the heaven:
  So flatter I the swart-complexion'd night,
  When sparkling stars twire not thou gild'st the even.
    But day doth daily draw my sorrows longer,
    And night doth nightly make grief's length seem stronger.

  XXIX

  When in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes
  I all alone beweep my outcast state,
  And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries,
  And look upon myself, and curse my fate,
  Wishing me like to one more rich in hope,
  Featur'd like him, like him with friends possess'd,
  Desiring this man's art, and that man's scope,
  With what I most enjoy contented least;
  Yet in these thoughts my self almost despising,
  Haply I think on thee,-- and then my state,
  Like to the lark at break of day arising
  From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven's gate;
    For thy sweet love remember'd such wealth brings
    That then I scorn to change my state with kings.

  XXX

  When to the sessions of sweet silent thought
  I summon up remembrance of things past,
  I sigh the lack of many a thing I sought,
  And with old woes new wail my dear time's waste:
  Then can I drown an eye, unused to flow,
  For precious friends hid in death's dateless night,
  And weep afresh love's long since cancell'd woe,
  And moan the expense of many a vanish'd sight:
  Then can I grieve at grievances foregone,
  And heavily from woe to woe tell o'er
  The sad account of fore-bemoaned moan,
  Which I new pay as if not paid before.
    But if the while I think on thee, dear friend,
    All losses are restor'd and sorrows end.

  XXXI

  Thy bosom is endeared with all hearts,
  Which I by lacking have supposed dead;
  And there reigns Love, and all Love's loving parts,
  And all those friends which I thought buried.
  How many a holy and obsequious tear
  Hath dear religious love stol'n from mine eye,
  As interest of the dead, which now appear
  But things remov'd that hidden in thee lie!
  Thou art the grave where buried love doth live,
  Hung with the trophies of my lovers gone,
  Who all their parts of me to thee did give,
  That due of many now is thine alone:
    Their images I lov'd, I view in thee,
    And thou--all they--hast all the all of me.

  XXXII

  If thou survive my well-contented day,
  When that churl Death my bones with dust shall cover
  And shalt by fortune once more re-survey
  These poor rude lines of thy deceased lover,
  Compare them with the bett'ring of the time,
  And though they be outstripp'd by every pen,
  Reserve them for my love, not for their rhyme,
  Exceeded by the height of happier men.
  O! then vouchsafe me but this loving thought:
  'Had my friend's Muse grown with this growing age,
  A dearer birth than this his love had brought,
  To march in ranks of better equipage:
    But since he died and poets better prove,
    Theirs for their style I'll read, his for his love'.

  XXXIII

  Full many a glorious morning have I seen
  Flatter the mountain tops with sovereign eye,
  Kissing with golden face the meadows green,
  Gilding pale streams with heavenly alchemy;
  Anon permit the basest clouds to ride
  With ugly rack on his celestial face,
  And from the forlorn world his visage hide,
  Stealing unseen to west with this disgrace:
  Even so my sun one early morn did shine,
  With all triumphant splendour on my brow;
  But out! alack! he was but one hour mine,
  The region cloud hath mask'd him from me now.
    Yet him for this my love no whit disdaineth;
    Suns of the world may stain when heaven's sun staineth.

  XXXIV

  Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,
  And make me travel forth without my cloak,
  To let base clouds o'ertake me in my way,
  Hiding thy bravery in their rotten smoke?
  'Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break,
  To dry the rain on my storm-beaten face,
  For no man well of such a salve can speak,
  That heals the wound, and cures not the disgrace:
  Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;
  Though thou repent, yet I have still the loss:
  The offender's sorrow lends but weak relief
  To him that bears the strong offence's cross.
    Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,
    And they are rich and ransom all ill deeds.

  XXXV

  No more be griev'd at that which thou hast done:
  Roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud:
  Clouds and eclipses stain both moon and sun,
  And loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud.
  All men make faults, and even I in this,
  Authorizing thy trespass with compare,
  Myself corrupting, salving thy amiss,
  Excusing thy sins more than thy sins are;
  For to thy sensual fault I bring in sense,--
  Thy adverse party is thy advocate,--
  And 'gainst myself a lawful plea commence:
  Such civil war is in my love and hate,
    That I an accessary needs must be,
    To that sweet thief which sourly robs from me.

  XXXVI

  Let me confess that we two must be twain,
  Although our undivided loves are one:
  So shall those blots that do with me remain,
  Without thy help, by me be borne alone.
  In our two loves there is but one respect,
  Though in our lives a separable spite,
  Which though it alter not love's sole effect,
  Yet doth it steal sweet hours from love's delight.
  I may not evermore acknowledge thee,
  Lest my bewailed guilt should do thee shame,
  Nor thou with public kindness honour me,
  Unless thou take that honour from thy name:
    But do not so, I love thee in such sort,
    As thou being mine, mine is thy good report.

  XXXVII

  As a decrepit father takes delight
  To see his active child do deeds of youth,
  So I, made lame by Fortune's dearest spite,
  Take all my comfort of thy worth and truth;
  For whether beauty, birth, or wealth, or wit,
  Or any of these all, or all, or more,
  Entitled in thy parts, do crowned sit,
  I make my love engrafted, to this store:
  So then I am not lame, poor, nor despis'd,
  Whilst that this shadow doth such substance give
  That I in thy abundance am suffic'd,
  And by a part of all thy glory live.
    Look what is best, that best I wish in thee:
    This wish I have; then ten times happy me!

  XXXVIII

  How can my muse want subject to invent,
  While thou dost breathe, that pour'st into my verse
  Thine own sweet argument, too excellent
  For every vulgar paper to rehearse?
  O! give thy self the thanks, if aught in me
  Worthy perusal stand against thy sight;
  For who's so dumb that cannot write to thee,
  When thou thy self dost give invention light?
  Be thou the tenth Muse, ten times more in worth
  Than those old nine which rhymers invocate;
  And he that calls on thee, let him bring forth
  Eternal numbers to outlive long date.
    If my slight muse do please these curious days,
    The pain be mine, but thine shall be the praise.

  XXXIX

  O! how thy worth with manners may I sing,
  When thou art all the better part of me?
  What can mine own praise to mine own self bring?
  And what is't but mine own when I praise thee?
  Even for this, let us divided live,
  And our dear love lose name of single one,
  That by this separation I may give
  That due to thee which thou deserv'st alone.
  O absence! what a torment wouldst thou prove,
  Were it not thy sour leisure gave sweet leave,
  To entertain the time with thoughts of love,
  Which time and thoughts so sweetly doth deceive,
    And that thou teachest how to make one twain,
    By praising him here who doth hence remain.

  XL

  Take all my loves, my love, yea take them all;
  What hast thou then more than thou hadst before?
  No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call;
  All mine was thine, before thou hadst this more.
  Then, if for my love, thou my love receivest,
  I cannot blame thee, for my love thou usest;
  But yet be blam'd, if thou thy self deceivest
  By wilful taste of what thyself refusest.
  I do forgive thy robbery, gentle thief,
  Although thou steal thee all my poverty:
  And yet, love knows it is a greater grief
  To bear love's wrong, than hate's known injury.
    Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows,
    Kill me with spites yet we must not be foes.

  XLI

  Those pretty wrongs that liberty commits,
  When I am sometime absent from thy heart,
  Thy beauty, and thy years full well befits,
  For still temptation follows where thou art.
  Gentle thou art, and therefore to be won,
  Beauteous thou art, therefore to be assail'd;
  And when a woman woos, what woman's son
  Will sourly leave her till he have prevail'd?
  Ay me! but yet thou mightst my seat forbear,
  And chide thy beauty and thy straying youth,
  Who lead thee in their riot even there
  Where thou art forced to break a twofold truth:--
    Hers by thy beauty tempting her to thee,
    Thine by thy beauty being false to me.

  XLII

  That thou hast her it is not all my grief,
  And yet it may be said I loved her dearly;
  That she hath thee is of my wailing chief,
  A loss in love that touches me more nearly.
  Loving offenders thus I will excuse ye:
  Thou dost love her, because thou know'st I love her;
  And for my sake even so doth she abuse me,
  Suffering my friend for my sake to approve her.
  If I lose thee, my loss is my love's gain,
  And losing her, my friend hath found that loss;
  Both find each other, and I lose both twain,
  And both for my sake lay on me this cross:
    But here's the joy; my friend and I are one;
    Sweet flattery! then she loves but me alone.

  XLIII

  When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see,
  For all the day they view things unrespected;
  But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee,
  And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.
  Then thou, whose shadow shadows doth make bright,
  How would thy shadow's form form happy show
  To the clear day with thy much clearer light,
  When to unseeing eyes thy shade shines so!
  How would, I say, mine eyes be blessed made
  By looking on thee in the living day,
  When in dead night thy fair imperfect shade
  Through heavy sleep on sightless eyes doth stay!
    All days are nights to see till I see thee,
    And nights bright days when dreams do show thee me.

  XLIV

  If the dull substance of my flesh were thought,
  Injurious distance should not stop my way;
  For then despite of space I would be brought,
  From limits far remote, where thou dost stay.
  No matter then although my foot did stand
  Upon the farthest earth remov'd from thee;
  For nimble thought can jump both sea and land,
  As soon as think the place where he would be.
  But, ah! thought kills me that I am not thought,
  To leap large lengths of miles when thou art gone,
  But that so much of earth and water wrought,
  I must attend time's leisure with my moan;
    Receiving nought by elements so slow
    But heavy tears, badges of either's woe.

  XLV

  The other two, slight air, and purging fire
  Are both with thee, wherever I abide;
  The first my thought, the other my desire,
  These present-absent with swift motion slide.
  For when these quicker elements are gone
  In tender embassy of love to thee,
  My life, being made of four, with two alone
  Sinks down to death, oppress'd with melancholy;
  Until life's composition be recur'd
  By those swift messengers return'd from thee,
  Who even but now come back again, assur'd,
  Of thy fair health, recounting it to me:
    This told, I joy; but then no longer glad,
    I send them back again, and straight grow sad.

  XLVI

  Mine eye and heart are at a mortal war,
  How to divide the conquest of thy sight;
  Mine eye my heart thy picture's sight would bar,
  My heart mine eye the freedom of that right.
  My heart doth plead that thou in him dost lie,--
  A closet never pierc'd with crystal eyes--
  But the defendant doth that plea deny,
  And says in him thy fair appearance lies.
  To side this title is impannelled
  A quest of thoughts, all tenants to the heart;
  And by their verdict is determined
  The clear eye's moiety, and the dear heart's part:
    As thus; mine eye's due is thy outward part,
    And my heart's right, thy inward love of heart.

  XLVII

  Betwixt mine eye and heart a league is took,
  And each doth good turns now unto the other:
  When that mine eye is famish'd for a look,
  Or heart in love with sighs himself doth smother,
  With my love's picture then my eye doth feast,
  And to the painted banquet bids my heart;
  Another time mine eye is my heart's guest,
  And in his thoughts of love doth share a part:
  So, either by thy picture or my love,
  Thy self away, art present still with me;
  For thou not farther than my thoughts canst move,
  And I am still with them, and they with thee;
    Or, if they sleep, thy picture in my sight
    Awakes my heart, to heart's and eye's delight.

  XLVIII

  How careful was I when I took my way,
  Each trifle under truest bars to thrust,
  That to my use it might unused stay
  From hands of falsehood, in sure wards of trust!
  But thou, to whom my jewels trifles are,
  Most worthy comfort, now my greatest grief,
  Thou best of dearest, and mine only care,
  Art left the prey of every vulgar thief.
  Thee have I not lock'd up in any chest,
  Save where thou art not, though I feel thou art,
  Within the gentle closure of my breast,
  From whence at pleasure thou mayst come and part;
    And even thence thou wilt be stol'n I fear,
    For truth proves thievish for a prize so dear.

  XLIX

  Against that time, if ever that time come,
  When I shall see thee frown on my defects,
  When as thy love hath cast his utmost sum,
  Call'd to that audit by advis'd respects;
  Against that time when thou shalt strangely pass,
  And scarcely greet me with that sun, thine eye,
  When love, converted from the thing it was,
  Shall reasons find of settled gravity;
  Against that time do I ensconce me here,
  Within the knowledge of mine own desert,
  And this my hand, against my self uprear,
  To guard the lawful reasons on thy part:
    To leave poor me thou hast the strength of laws,
    Since why to love I can allege no cause.

  L

  How heavy do I journey on the way,
  When what I seek, my weary travel's end,
  Doth teach that ease and that repose to say,
  'Thus far the miles are measured from thy friend!'
  The beast that bears me, tired with my woe,
  Plods dully on, to bear that weight in me,
  As if by some instinct the wretch did know
  His rider lov'd not speed, being made from thee:
  The bloody spur cannot provoke him on,
  That sometimes anger thrusts into his hide,
  Which heavily he answers with a groan,
  More sharp to me than spurring to his side;
    For that same groan doth put this in my mind,
    My grief lies onward, and my joy behind.

  LI

  Thus can my love excuse the slow offence
  Of my dull bearer when from thee I speed:
  From where thou art why should I haste me thence?
  Till I return, of posting is no need.
  O! what excuse will my poor beast then find,
  When swift extremity can seem but slow?
  Then should I spur, though mounted on the wind,
  In winged speed no motion shall I know,
  Then can no horse with my desire keep pace;
  Therefore desire, of perfect'st love being made,
  Shall neigh--no dull flesh--in his fiery race;
  But love, for love, thus shall excuse my jade,--
    'Since from thee going, he went wilful-slow,
    Towards thee I'll run, and give him leave to go.'

  LII

  So am I as the rich, whose blessed key,
  Can bring him to his sweet up-locked treasure,
  The which he will not every hour survey,
  For blunting the fine point of seldom pleasure.
  Therefore are feasts so solemn and so rare,
  Since, seldom coming in that long year set,
  Like stones of worth they thinly placed are,
  Or captain jewels in the carcanet.
  So is the time that keeps you as my chest,
  Or as the wardrobe which the robe doth hide,
  To make some special instant special-blest,
  By new unfolding his imprison'd pride.
    Blessed are you whose worthiness gives scope,
    Being had, to triumph; being lacked, to hope.

  LIII

  What is your substance, whereof are you made,
  That millions of strange shadows on you tend?
  Since every one, hath every one, one shade,
  And you but one, can every shadow lend.
  Describe Adonis, and the counterfeit
  Is poorly imitated after you;
  On Helen's cheek all art of beauty set,
  And you in Grecian tires are painted new:
  Speak of the spring, and foison of the year,
  The one doth shadow of your beauty show,
  The other as your bounty doth appear;
  And you in every blessed shape we know.
    In all external grace you have some part,
    But you like none, none you, for constant heart.

  LIV

  O! how much more doth beauty beauteous seem
  By that sweet ornament which truth doth give.
  The rose looks fair, but fairer we it deem
  For that sweet odour, which doth in it live.
  The canker blooms have full as deep a dye
  As the perfumed tincture of the roses.
  Hang on such thorns, and play as wantonly
  When summer's breath their masked buds discloses:
  But, for their virtue only is their show,
  They live unwoo'd, and unrespected fade;
  Die to themselves. Sweet roses do not so;
  Of their sweet deaths, are sweetest odours made:
    And so of you, beauteous and lovely youth,
    When that shall vade, by verse distills your truth.

  LV

  Not marble, nor the gilded monuments
  Of princes, shall outlive this powerful rhyme;
  But you shall shine more bright in these contents
  Than unswept stone, besmear'd with sluttish time.
  When wasteful war shall statues overturn,
  And broils root out the work of masonry,
  Nor Mars his sword, nor war's quick fire shall burn
  The living record of your memory.
  'Gainst death, and all-oblivious enmity
  Shall you pace forth; your praise shall still find room
  Even in the eyes of all posterity
  That wear this world out to the ending doom.
    So, till the judgment that yourself arise,
    You live in this, and dwell in lovers' eyes.

  LVI

  Sweet love, renew thy force; be it not said
  Thy edge should blunter be than appetite,
  Which but to-day by feeding is allay'd,
  To-morrow sharpened in his former might:
  So, love, be thou, although to-day thou fill
  Thy hungry eyes, even till they wink with fulness,
  To-morrow see again, and do not kill
  The spirit of love, with a perpetual dulness.
  Let this sad interim like the ocean be
  Which parts the shore, where two contracted new
  Come daily to the banks, that when they see
  Return of love, more blest may be the view;
    Or call it winter, which being full of care,
    Makes summer's welcome, thrice more wished, more rare.

  LVII

  Being your slave what should I do but tend,
  Upon the hours, and times of your desire?
  I have no precious time at all to spend;
  Nor services to do, till you require.
  Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour,
  Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you,
  Nor think the bitterness of absence sour,
  When you have bid your servant once adieu;
  Nor dare I question with my jealous thought
  Where you may be, or your affairs suppose,
  But, like a sad slave, stay and think of nought
  Save, where you are, how happy you make those.
    So true a fool is love, that in your will,
    Though you do anything, he thinks no ill.

  LVIII

  That god forbid, that made me first your slave,
  I should in thought control your times of pleasure,
  Or at your hand the account of hours to crave,
  Being your vassal, bound to stay your leisure!
  O! let me suffer, being at your beck,
  The imprison'd absence of your liberty;
  And patience, tame to sufferance, bide each check,
  Without accusing you of injury.
  Be where you list, your charter is so strong
  That you yourself may privilage your time
  To what you will; to you it doth belong
  Yourself to pardon of self-doing crime.
    I am to wait, though waiting so be hell,
    Not blame your pleasure be it ill or well.

  LIX

  If there be nothing new, but that which is
  Hath been before, how are our brains beguil'd,
  Which labouring for invention bear amiss
  The second burthen of a former child!
  O! that record could with a backward look,
  Even of five hundred courses of the sun,
  Show me your image in some antique book,
  Since mind at first in character was done!
  That I might see what the old world could say
  To this composed wonder of your frame;
  Wh'r we are mended, or wh'r better they,
  Or whether revolution be the same.
    O! sure I am the wits of former days,
    To subjects worse have given admiring praise.

  LX

  Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,
  So do our minutes hasten to their end;
  Each changing place with that which goes before,
  In sequent toil all forwards do contend.
  Nativity, once in the main of light,
  Crawls to maturity, wherewith being crown'd,
  Crooked eclipses 'gainst his glory fight,
  And Time that gave doth now his gift confound.
  Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth
  And delves the parallels in beauty's brow,
  Feeds on the rarities of nature's truth,
  And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow:
    And yet to times in hope, my verse shall stand.
    Praising thy worth, despite his cruel hand.

  LXI

  Is it thy will, thy image should keep open
  My heavy eyelids to the weary night?
  Dost thou desire my slumbers should be broken,
  While shadows like to thee do mock my sight?
  Is it thy spirit that thou send'st from thee
  So far from home into my deeds to pry,
  To find out shames and idle hours in me,
  The scope and tenure of thy jealousy?
  O, no! thy love, though much, is not so great:
  It is my love that keeps mine eye awake:
  Mine own true love that doth my rest defeat,
  To play the watchman ever for thy sake:
    For thee watch I, whilst thou dost wake elsewhere,
    From me far off, with others all too near.

  LXII

  Sin of self-love possesseth all mine eye
  And all my soul, and all my every part;
  And for this sin there is no remedy,
  It is so grounded inward in my heart.
  Methinks no face so gracious is as mine,
  No shape so true, no truth of such account;
  And for myself mine own worth do define,
  As I all other in all worths surmount.
  But when my glass shows me myself indeed
  Beated and chopp'd with tanned antiquity,
  Mine own self-love quite contrary I read;
  Self so self-loving were iniquity.
    'Tis thee,--myself,--that for myself I praise,
    Painting my age with beauty of thy days.

  LXIII

  Against my love shall be as I am now,
  With Time's injurious hand crush'd and o'erworn;
  When hours have drain'd his blood and fill'd his brow
  With lines and wrinkles; when his youthful morn
  Hath travell'd on to age's steepy night;
  And all those beauties whereof now he's king
  Are vanishing, or vanished out of sight,
  Stealing away the treasure of his spring;
  For such a time do I now fortify
  Against confounding age's cruel knife,
  That he shall never cut from memory
  My sweet love's beauty, though my lover's life:
    His beauty shall in these black lines be seen,
    And they shall live, and he in them still green.

  LXIV

  When I have seen by Time's fell hand defac'd
  The rich-proud cost of outworn buried age;
  When sometime lofty towers I see down-raz'd,
  And brass eternal slave to mortal rage;
  When I have seen the hungry ocean gain
  Advantage on the kingdom of the shore,
  And the firm soil win of the watery main,
  Increasing store with loss, and loss with store;
  When I have seen such interchange of state,
  Or state itself confounded, to decay;
  Ruin hath taught me thus to ruminate--
  That Time will come and take my love away.
    This thought is as a death which cannot choose
    But weep to have, that which it fears to lose.

  LXV

  Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea,
  But sad mortality o'ersways their power,
  How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea,
  Whose action is no stronger than a flower?
  O! how shall summer's honey breath hold out,
  Against the wrackful siege of battering days,
  When rocks impregnable are not so stout,
  Nor gates of steel so strong but Time decays?
  O fearful meditation! where, alack,
  Shall Time's best jewel from Time's chest lie hid?
  Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back?
  Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid?
    O! none, unless this miracle have might,
    That in black ink my love may still shine bright.

  LXVI

  Tired with all these, for restful death I cry,
  As to behold desert a beggar born,
  And needy nothing trimm'd in jollity,
  And purest faith unhappily forsworn,
  And gilded honour shamefully misplac'd,
  And maiden virtue rudely strumpeted,
  And right perfection wrongfully disgrac'd,
  And strength by limping sway disabled
  And art made tongue-tied by authority,
  And folly--doctor-like--controlling skill,
  And simple truth miscall'd simplicity,
  And captive good attending captain ill:
    Tir'd with all these, from these would I be gone,
    Save that, to die, I leave my love alone.

  LXVII

  Ah! wherefore with infection should he live,
  And with his presence grace impiety,
  That sin by him advantage should achieve,
  And lace itself with his society?
  Why should false painting imitate his cheek,
  And steel dead seeming of his living hue?
  Why should poor beauty indirectly seek
  Roses of shadow, since his rose is true?
  Why should he live, now Nature bankrupt is,
  Beggar'd of blood to blush through lively veins?
  For she hath no exchequer now but his,
  And proud of many, lives upon his gains.
    O! him she stores, to show what wealth she had
    In days long since, before these last so bad.

  LXVIII

  Thus is his cheek the map of days outworn,
  When beauty lived and died as flowers do now,
  Before these bastard signs of fair were born,
  Or durst inhabit on a living brow;
  Before the golden tresses of the dead,
  The right of sepulchres, were shorn away,
  To live a second life on second head;
  Ere beauty's dead fleece made another gay:
  In him those holy antique hours are seen,
  Without all ornament, itself and true,
  Making no summer of another's green,
  Robbing no old to dress his beauty new;
    And him as for a map doth Nature store,
    To show false Art what beauty was of yore.

  LXIX

  Those parts of thee that the world's eye doth view
  Want nothing that the thought of hearts can mend;
  All tongues--the voice of souls--give thee that due,
  Uttering bare truth, even so as foes commend.
  Thy outward thus with outward praise is crown'd;
  But those same tongues, that give thee so thine own,
  In other accents do this praise confound
  By seeing farther than the eye hath shown.
  They look into the beauty of thy mind,
  And that in guess they measure by thy deeds;
  Then--churls--their thoughts, although their eyes were kind,
  To thy fair flower add the rank smell of weeds:
    But why thy odour matcheth not thy show,
    The soil is this, that thou dost common grow.

  LXX

  That thou art blam'd shall not be thy defect,
  For slander's mark was ever yet the fair;
  The ornament of beauty is suspect,
  A crow that flies in heaven's sweetest air.
  So thou be good, slander doth but approve
  Thy worth the greater being woo'd of time;
  For canker vice the sweetest buds doth love,
  And thou present'st a pure unstained prime.
  Thou hast passed by the ambush of young days
  Either not assail'd, or victor being charg'd;
  Yet this thy praise cannot be so thy praise,
  To tie up envy, evermore enlarg'd,
    If some suspect of ill mask'd not thy show,
    Then thou alone kingdoms of hearts shouldst owe.

  LXXI

  No longer mourn for me when I am dead
  Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell
  Give warning to the world that I am fled
  From this vile world with vilest worms to dwell:
  Nay, if you read this line, remember not
  The hand that writ it, for I love you so,
  That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot,
  If thinking on me then should make you woe.
  O! if,--I say you look upon this verse,
  When I perhaps compounded am with clay,
  Do not so much as my poor name rehearse;
  But let your love even with my life decay;
    Lest the wise world should look into your moan,
    And mock you with me after I am gone.

  LXXII

  O! lest the world should task you to recite
  What merit lived in me, that you should love
  After my death,--dear love, forget me quite,
  For you in me can nothing worthy prove;
  Unless you would devise some virtuous lie,
  To do more for me than mine own desert,
  And hang more praise upon deceased I
  Than niggard truth would willingly impart:
  O! lest your true love may seem false in this
  That you for love speak well of me untrue,
  My name be buried where my body is,
  And live no more to shame nor me nor you.
    For I am shamed by that which I bring forth,
    And so should you, to love things nothing worth.

  LXXIII

  That time of year thou mayst in me behold
  When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang
  Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,
  Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.
  In me thou see'st the twilight of such day
  As after sunset fadeth in the west;
  Which by and by black night doth take away,
  Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.
  In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire,
  That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,
  As the death-bed, whereon it must expire,
  Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by.
    This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong,
    To love that well, which thou must leave ere long.

  LXXIV

  But be contented: when that fell arrest
  Without all bail shall carry me away,
  My life hath in this line some interest,
  Which for memorial still with thee shall stay.
  When thou reviewest this, thou dost review
  The very part was consecrate to thee:
  The earth can have but earth, which is his due;
  My spirit is thine, the better part of me:
  So then thou hast but lost the dregs of life,
  The prey of worms, my body being dead;
  The coward conquest of a wretch's knife,
  Too base of thee to be remembered.
    The worth of that is that which it contains,
    And that is this, and this with thee remains.

  LXXV

  So are you to my thoughts as food to life,
  Or as sweet-season'd showers are to the ground;
  And for the peace of you I hold such strife
  As 'twixt a miser and his wealth is found.
  Now proud as an enjoyer, and anon
  Doubting the filching age will steal his treasure;
  Now counting best to be with you alone,
  Then better'd that the world may see my pleasure:
  Sometime all full with feasting on your sight,
  And by and by clean starved for a look;
  Possessing or pursuing no delight,
  Save what is had, or must from you be took.
    Thus do I pine and surfeit day by day,
    Or gluttoning on all, or all away.

  LXXVI

  Why is my verse so barren of new pride,
  So far from variation or quick change?
  Why with the time do I not glance aside
  To new-found methods, and to compounds strange?
  Why write I still all one, ever the same,
  And keep invention in a noted weed,
  That every word doth almost tell my name,
  Showing their birth, and where they did proceed?
  O! know sweet love I always write of you,
  And you and love are still my argument;
  So all my best is dressing old words new,
  Spending again what is already spent:
    For as the sun is daily new and old,
    So is my love still telling what is told.

  LXXVII

  Thy glass will show thee how thy beauties wear,
  Thy dial how thy precious minutes waste;
  These vacant leaves thy mind's imprint will bear,
  And of this book, this learning mayst thou taste.
  The wrinkles which thy glass will truly show
  Of mouthed graves will give thee memory;
  Thou by thy dial's shady stealth mayst know
  Time's thievish progress to eternity.
  Look! what thy memory cannot contain,
  Commit to these waste blanks, and thou shalt find
  Those children nursed, deliver'd from thy brain,
  To take a new acquaintance of thy mind.
    These offices, so oft as thou wilt look,
    Shall profit thee and much enrich thy book.

  LXXVIII

  So oft have I invoked thee for my Muse,
  And found such fair assistance in my verse
  As every alien pen hath got my use
  And under thee their poesy disperse.
  Thine eyes, that taught the dumb on high to sing
  And heavy ignorance aloft to fly,
  Have added feathers to the learned's wing
  And given grace a double majesty.
  Yet be most proud of that which I compile,
  Whose influence is thine, and born of thee:
  In others' works thou dost but mend the style,
  And arts with thy sweet graces graced be;
    But thou art all my art, and dost advance
    As high as learning, my rude ignorance.

  LXXIX

  Whilst I alone did call upon thy aid,
  My verse alone had all thy gentle grace;
  But now my gracious numbers are decay'd,
  And my sick Muse doth give an other place.
  I grant, sweet love, thy lovely argument
  Deserves the travail of a worthier pen;
  Yet what of thee thy poet doth invent
  He robs thee of, and pays it thee again.
  He lends thee virtue, and he stole that word
  From thy behaviour; beauty doth he give,
  And found it in thy cheek: he can afford
  No praise to thee, but what in thee doth live.
    Then thank him not for that which he doth say,
    Since what he owes thee, thou thyself dost pay.

  LXXX

  O! how I faint when I of you do write,
  Knowing a better spirit doth use your name,
  And in the praise thereof spends all his might,
  To make me tongue-tied speaking of your fame!
  But since your worth--wide as the ocean is,--
  The humble as the proudest sail doth bear,
  My saucy bark, inferior far to his,
  On your broad main doth wilfully appear.
  Your shallowest help will hold me up afloat,
  Whilst he upon your soundless deep doth ride;
  Or, being wrack'd, I am a worthless boat,
  He of tall building, and of goodly pride:
    Then if he thrive and I be cast away,
    The worst was this,--my love was my decay.

  LXXXI

  Or I shall live your epitaph to make,
  Or you survive when I in earth am rotten;
  From hence your memory death cannot take,
  Although in me each part will be forgotten.
  Your name from hence immortal life shall have,
  Though I, once gone, to all the world must die:
  The earth can yield me but a common grave,
  When you entombed in men's eyes shall lie.
  Your monument shall be my gentle verse,
  Which eyes not yet created shall o'er-read;
  And tongues to be, your being shall rehearse,
  When all the breathers of this world are dead;
    You still shall live,--such virtue hath my pen,--
    Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths of men.

  LXXXII

  I grant thou wert not married to my Muse,
  And therefore mayst without attaint o'erlook
  The dedicated words which writers use
  Of their fair subject, blessing every book.
  Thou art as fair in knowledge as in hue,
  Finding thy worth a limit past my praise;
  And therefore art enforced to seek anew
  Some fresher stamp of the time-bettering days.
  And do so, love; yet when they have devis'd,
  What strained touches rhetoric can lend,
  Thou truly fair, wert truly sympathiz'd
  In true plain words, by thy true-telling friend;
    And their gross painting might be better us'd
    Where cheeks need blood; in thee it is abus'd.

  LXXXIII

  I never saw that you did painting need,
  And therefore to your fair no painting set;
  I found, or thought I found, you did exceed
  That barren tender of a poet's debt:
  And therefore have I slept in your report,
  That you yourself, being extant, well might show
  How far a modern quill doth come too short,
  Speaking of worth, what worth in you doth grow.
  This silence for my sin you did impute,
  Which shall be most my glory being dumb;
  For I impair not beauty being mute,
  When others would give life, and bring a tomb.
    There lives more life in one of your fair eyes
    Than both your poets can in praise devise.

  LXXXIV

  Who is it that says most, which can say more,
  Than this rich praise,--that you alone, are you?
  In whose confine immured is the store
  Which should example where your equal grew.
  Lean penury within that pen doth dwell
  That to his subject lends not some small glory;
  But he that writes of you, if he can tell
  That you are you, so dignifies his story,
  Let him but copy what in you is writ,
  Not making worse what nature made so clear,
  And such a counterpart shall fame his wit,
  Making his style admired every where.
    You to your beauteous blessings add a curse,
    Being fond on praise, which makes your praises worse.

  LXXXV

  My tongue-tied Muse in manners holds her still,
  While comments of your praise richly compil'd,
  Reserve their character with golden quill,
  And precious phrase by all the Muses fil'd.
  I think good thoughts, whilst others write good words,
  And like unlettered clerk still cry 'Amen'
  To every hymn that able spirit affords,
  In polish'd form of well-refined pen.
  Hearing you praised, I say ''tis so, 'tis true,'
  And to the most of praise add something more;
  But that is in my thought, whose love to you,
  Though words come hindmost, holds his rank before.
    Then others, for the breath of words respect,
    Me for my dumb thoughts, speaking in effect.

  LXXXVI

  Was it the proud full sail of his great verse,
  Bound for the prize of all too precious you,
  That did my ripe thoughts in my brain inhearse,
  Making their tomb the womb wherein they grew?
  Was it his spirit, by spirits taught to write,
  Above a mortal pitch, that struck me dead?
  No, neither he, nor his compeers by night
  Giving him aid, my verse astonished.
  He, nor that affable familiar ghost
  Which nightly gulls him with intelligence,
  As victors of my silence cannot boast;
  I was not sick of any fear from thence:
    But when your countenance fill'd up his line,
    Then lacked I matter; that enfeebled mine.

  LXXXVII

  Farewell! thou art too dear for my possessing,
  And like enough thou know'st thy estimate,
  The charter of thy worth gives thee releasing;
  My bonds in thee are all determinate.
  For how do I hold thee but by thy granting?
  And for that riches where is my deserving?
  The cause of this fair gift in me is wanting,
  And so my patent back again is swerving.
  Thy self thou gav'st, thy own worth then not knowing,
  Or me to whom thou gav'st it, else mistaking;
  So thy great gift, upon misprision growing,
  Comes home again, on better judgement making.
    Thus have I had thee, as a dream doth flatter,
    In sleep a king, but waking no such matter.

  LXXXVIII

  When thou shalt be dispos'd to set me light,
  And place my merit in the eye of scorn,
  Upon thy side, against myself I'll fight,
  And prove thee virtuous, though thou art forsworn.
  With mine own weakness, being best acquainted,
  Upon thy part I can set down a story
  Of faults conceal'd, wherein I am attainted;
  That thou in losing me shalt win much glory:
  And I by this will be a gainer too;
  For bending all my loving thoughts on thee,
  The injuries that to myself I do,
  Doing thee vantage, double-vantage me.
    Such is my love, to thee I so belong,
    That for thy right, myself will bear all wrong.

  LXXXIX

  Say that thou didst forsake me for some fault,
  And I will comment upon that offence:
  Speak of my lameness, and I straight will halt,
  Against thy reasons making no defence.
  Thou canst not love disgrace me half so ill,
  To set a form upon desired change,
  As I'll myself disgrace; knowing thy will,
  I will acquaintance strangle, and look strange;
  Be absent from thy walks; and in my tongue
  Thy sweet beloved name no more shall dwell,
  Lest I, too much profane, should do it wrong,
  And haply of our old acquaintance tell.
    For thee, against my self I'll vow debate,
    For I must ne'er love him whom thou dost hate.

  XC

  Then hate me when thou wilt; if ever, now;
  Now, while the world is bent my deeds to cross,
  Join with the spite of fortune, make me bow,
  And do not drop in for an after-loss:
  Ah! do not, when my heart hath 'scap'd this sorrow,
  Come in the rearward of a conquer'd woe;
  Give not a windy night a rainy morrow,
  To linger out a purpos'd overthrow.
  If thou wilt leave me, do not leave me last,
  When other petty griefs have done their spite,
  But in the onset come: so shall I taste
  At first the very worst of fortune's might;
    And other strains of woe, which now seem woe,
    Compar'd with loss of thee, will not seem so.

  XCI

  Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
  Some in their wealth, some in their body's force,
  Some in their garments though new-fangled ill;
  Some in their hawks and hounds, some in their horse;
  And every humour hath his adjunct pleasure,
  Wherein it finds a joy above the rest:
  But these particulars are not my measure,
  All these I better in one general best.
  Thy love is better than high birth to me,
  Richer than wealth, prouder than garments' costs,
  Of more delight than hawks and horses be;
  And having thee, of all men's pride I boast:
    Wretched in this alone, that thou mayst take
    All this away, and me most wretchcd make.

  XCII

  But do thy worst to steal thyself away,
  For term of life thou art assured mine;
  And life no longer than thy love will stay,
  For it depends upon that love of thine.
  Then need I not to fear the worst of wrongs,
  When in the least of them my life hath end.
  I see a better state to me belongs
  Than that which on thy humour doth depend:
  Thou canst not vex me with inconstant mind,
  Since that my life on thy revolt doth lie.
  O! what a happy title do I find,
  Happy to have thy love, happy to die!
    But what's so blessed-fair that fears no blot?
    Thou mayst be false, and yet I know it not.

  XCIII

  So shall I live, supposing thou art true,
  Like a deceived husband; so love's face
  May still seem love to me, though alter'd new;
  Thy looks with me, thy heart in other place:
  For there can live no hatred in thine eye,
  Therefore in that I cannot know thy change.
  In many's looks, the false heart's history
  Is writ in moods, and frowns, and wrinkles strange.
  But heaven in thy creation did decree
  That in thy face sweet love should ever dwell;
  Whate'er thy thoughts, or thy heart's workings be,
  Thy looks should nothing thence, but sweetness tell.
    How like Eve's apple doth thy beauty grow,
    If thy sweet virtue answer not thy show!

  XCIV

  They that have power to hurt, and will do none,
  That do not do the thing they most do show,
  Who, moving others, are themselves as stone,
  Unmoved, cold, and to temptation slow;
  They rightly do inherit heaven's graces,
  And husband nature's riches from expense;
  They are the lords and owners of their faces,
  Others, but stewards of their excellence.
  The summer's flower is to the summer sweet,
  Though to itself, it only live and die,
  But if that flower with base infection meet,
  The basest weed outbraves his dignity:
    For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds;
    Lilies that fester, smell far worse than weeds.

  XCV

  How sweet and lovely dost thou make the shame
  Which, like a canker in the fragrant rose,
  Doth spot the beauty of thy budding name!
  O! in what sweets dost thou thy sins enclose.
  That tongue that tells the story of thy days,
  Making lascivious comments on thy sport,
  Cannot dispraise, but in a kind of praise;
  Naming thy name, blesses an ill report.
  O! what a mansion have those vices got
  Which for their habitation chose out thee,
  Where beauty's veil doth cover every blot
  And all things turns to fair that eyes can see!
    Take heed, dear heart, of this large privilege;
    The hardest knife ill-us'd doth lose his edge.

  XCVI

  Some say thy fault is youth, some wantonness;
  Some say thy grace is youth and gentle sport;
  Both grace and faults are lov'd of more and less:
  Thou mak'st faults graces that to thee resort.
  As on the finger of a throned queen
  The basest jewel will be well esteem'd,
  So are those errors that in thee are seen
  To truths translated, and for true things deem'd.
  How many lambs might the stern wolf betray,
  If like a lamb he could his looks translate!
  How many gazers mightst thou lead away,
  if thou wouldst use the strength of all thy state!
    But do not so; I love thee in such sort,
    As, thou being mine, mine is thy good report.

  XCVII

  How like a winter hath my absence been
  From thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year!
  What freezings have I felt, what dark days seen!
  What old December's bareness everywhere!
  And yet this time removed was summer's time;
  The teeming autumn, big with rich increase,
  Bearing the wanton burden of the prime,
  Like widow'd wombs after their lords' decease:
  Yet this abundant issue seem'd to me
  But hope of orphans, and unfather'd fruit;
  For summer and his pleasures wait on thee,
  And, thou away, the very birds are mute:
    Or, if they sing, 'tis with so dull a cheer,
    That leaves look pale, dreading the winter's near.

  XCVIII

  From you have I been absent in the spring,
  When proud-pied April, dress'd in all his trim,
  Hath put a spirit of youth in every thing,
  That heavy Saturn laugh'd and leap'd with him.
  Yet nor the lays of birds, nor the sweet smell
  Of different flowers in odour and in hue,
  Could make me any summer's story tell,
  Or from their proud lap pluck them where they grew:
  Nor did I wonder at the lily's white,
  Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose;
  They were but sweet, but figures of delight,
  Drawn after you, you pattern of all those.
    Yet seem'd it winter still, and you away,
    As with your shadow I with these did play.

  XCIX

  The forward violet thus did I chide:
  Sweet thief, whence didst thou steal thy sweet that smells,
  If not from my love's breath? The purple pride
  Which on thy soft cheek for complexion dwells
  In my love's veins thou hast too grossly dy'd.
  The lily I condemned for thy hand,
  And buds of marjoram had stol'n thy hair;
  The roses fearfully on thorns did stand,
  One blushing shame, another white despair;
  A third, nor red nor white, had stol'n of both,
  And to his robbery had annex'd thy breath;
  But, for his theft, in pride of all his growth
  A vengeful canker eat him up to death.
    More flowers I noted, yet I none could see,
    But sweet, or colour it had stol'n from thee.

  C

  Where art thou Muse that thou forget'st so long,
  To speak of that which gives thee all thy might?
  Spend'st thou thy fury on some worthless song,
  Darkening thy power to lend base subjects light?
  Return forgetful Muse, and straight redeem,
  In gentle numbers time so idly spent;
  Sing to the ear that doth thy lays esteem
  And gives thy pen both skill and argument.
  Rise, resty Muse, my love's sweet face survey,
  If Time have any wrinkle graven there;
  If any, be a satire to decay,
  And make time's spoils despised every where.
    Give my love fame faster than Time wastes life,
    So thou prevent'st his scythe and crooked knife.

  CI

  O truant Muse what shall be thy amends
  For thy neglect of truth in beauty dy'd?
  Both truth and beauty on my love depends;
  So dost thou too, and therein dignified.
  Make answer Muse: wilt thou not haply say,
  'Truth needs no colour, with his colour fix'd;
  Beauty no pencil, beauty's truth to lay;
  But best is best, if never intermix'd'?
  Because he needs no praise, wilt thou be dumb?
  Excuse not silence so, for't lies in thee
  To make him much outlive a gilded tomb
  And to be prais'd of ages yet to be.
    Then do thy office, Muse; I teach thee how
    To make him seem long hence as he shows now.

  CII

  My love is strengthen'd, though more weak in seeming;
  I love not less, though less the show appear;
  That love is merchandiz'd, whose rich esteeming,
  The owner's tongue doth publish every where.
  Our love was new, and then but in the spring,
  When I was wont to greet it with my lays;
  As Philomel in summer's front doth sing,
  And stops her pipe in growth of riper days:
  Not that the summer is less pleasant now
  Than when her mournful hymns did hush the night,
  But that wild music burthens every bough,
  And sweets grown common lose their dear delight.
    Therefore like her, I sometime hold my tongue:
    Because I would not dull you with my song.

  CIII

  Alack! what poverty my Muse brings forth,
  That having such a scope to show her pride,
  The argument, all bare, is of more worth
  Than when it hath my added praise beside!
  O! blame me not, if I no more can write!
  Look in your glass, and there appears a face
  That over-goes my blunt invention quite,
  Dulling my lines, and doing me disgrace.
  Were it not sinful then, striving to mend,
  To mar the subject that before was well?
  For to no other pass my verses tend
  Than of your graces and your gifts to tell;
    And more, much more, than in my verse can sit,
    Your own glass shows you when you look in it.

  CIV

  To me, fair friend, you never can be old,
  For as you were when first your eye I ey'd,
  Such seems your beauty still. Three winters cold,
  Have from the forests shook three summers' pride,
  Three beauteous springs to yellow autumn turn'd,
  In process of the seasons have I seen,
  Three April perfumes in three hot Junes burn'd,
  Since first I saw you fresh, which yet are green.
  Ah! yet doth beauty like a dial-hand,
  Steal from his figure, and no pace perceiv'd;
  So your sweet hue, which methinks still doth stand,
  Hath motion, and mine eye may be deceiv'd:
    For fear of which, hear this thou age unbred:
    Ere you were born was beauty's summer dead.

  CV

  Let not my love be call'd idolatry,
  Nor my beloved as an idol show,
  Since all alike my songs and praises be
  To one, of one, still such, and ever so.
  Kind is my love to-day, to-morrow kind,
  Still constant in a wondrous excellence;
  Therefore my verse to constancy confin'd,
  One thing expressing, leaves out difference.
  'Fair, kind, and true,' is all my argument,
  'Fair, kind, and true,' varying to other words;
  And in this change is my invention spent,
  Three themes in one, which wondrous scope affords.
    Fair, kind, and true, have often liv'd alone,
    Which three till now, never kept seat in one.

  CVI

  When in the chronicle of wasted time
  I see descriptions of the fairest wights,
  And beauty making beautiful old rime,
  In praise of ladies dead and lovely knights,
  Then, in the blazon of sweet beauty's best,
  Of hand, of foot, of lip, of eye, of brow,
  I see their antique pen would have express'd
  Even such a beauty as you master now.
  So all their praises are but prophecies
  Of this our time, all you prefiguring;
  And for they looked but with divining eyes,
  They had not skill enough your worth to sing:
    For we, which now behold these present days,
    Have eyes to wonder, but lack tongues to praise.

  CVII

  Not mine own fears, nor the prophetic soul
  Of the wide world dreaming on things to come,
  Can yet the lease of my true love control,
  Supposed as forfeit to a confin'd doom.
  The mortal moon hath her eclipse endur'd,
  And the sad augurs mock their own presage;
  Incertainties now crown themselves assur'd,
  And peace proclaims olives of endless age.
  Now with the drops of this most balmy time,
  My love looks fresh, and Death to me subscribes,
  Since, spite of him, I'll live in this poor rime,
  While he insults o'er dull and speechless tribes:
    And thou in this shalt find thy monument,
    When tyrants' crests and tombs of brass are spent.

  CVIII

  What's in the brain, that ink may character,
  Which hath not figur'd to thee my true spirit?
  What's new to speak, what now to register,
  That may express my love, or thy dear merit?
  Nothing, sweet boy; but yet, like prayers divine,
  I must each day say o'er the very same;
  Counting no old thing old, thou mine, I thine,
  Even as when first I hallow'd thy fair name.
  So that eternal love in love's fresh case,
  Weighs not the dust and injury of age,
  Nor gives to necessary wrinkles place,
  But makes antiquity for aye his page;
    Finding the first conceit of love there bred,
    Where time and outward form would show it dead.

  CIX

  O! never say that I was false of heart,
  Though absence seem'd my flame to qualify,
  As easy might I from my self depart
  As from my soul which in thy breast doth lie:
  That is my home of love: if I have rang'd,
  Like him that travels, I return again;
  Just to the time, not with the time exchang'd,
  So that myself bring water for my stain.
  Never believe though in my nature reign'd,
  All frailties that besiege all kinds of blood,
  That it could so preposterously be stain'd,
  To leave for nothing all thy sum of good;
    For nothing this wide universe I call,
    Save thou, my rose, in it thou art my all.

  CX

  Alas! 'tis true, I have gone here and there,
  And made my self a motley to the view,
  Gor'd mine own thoughts, sold cheap what is most dear,
  Made old offences of affections new;
  Most true it is, that I have look'd on truth
  Askance and strangely; but, by all above,
  These blenches gave my heart another youth,
  And worse essays prov'd thee my best of love.
  Now all is done, save what shall have no end:
  Mine appetite I never more will grind
  On newer proof, to try an older friend,
  A god in love, to whom I am confin'd.
    Then give me welcome, next my heaven the best,
    Even to thy pure and most most loving breast.

  CXI

  O! for my sake do you with Fortune chide,
  The guilty goddess of my harmful deeds,
  That did not better for my life provide
  Than public means which public manners breeds.
  Thence comes it that my name receives a brand,
  And almost thence my nature is subdu'd
  To what it works in, like the dyer's hand:
  Pity me, then, and wish I were renew'd;
  Whilst, like a willing patient, I will drink,
  Potions of eisel 'gainst my strong infection;
  No bitterness that I will bitter think,
  Nor double penance, to correct correction.
    Pity me then, dear friend, and I assure ye,
    Even that your pity is enough to cure me.

  CXII

  Your love and pity doth the impression fill,
  Which vulgar scandal stamp'd upon my brow;
  For what care I who calls me well or ill,
  So you o'er-green my bad, my good allow?
  You are my all-the-world, and I must strive
  To know my shames and praises from your tongue;
  None else to me, nor I to none alive,
  That my steel'd sense or changes right or wrong.
  In so profound abysm I throw all care
  Of others' voices, that my adder's sense
  To critic and to flatterer stopped are.
  Mark how with my neglect I do dispense:
    You are so strongly in my purpose bred,
    That all the world besides methinks are dead.

  CXIII

  Since I left you, mine eye is in my mind;
  And that which governs me to go about
  Doth part his function and is partly blind,
  Seems seeing, but effectually is out;
  For it no form delivers to the heart
  Of bird, of flower, or shape which it doth latch:
  Of his quick objects hath the mind no part,
  Nor his own vision holds what it doth catch;
  For if it see the rud'st or gentlest sight,
  The most sweet favour or deformed'st creature,
  The mountain or the sea, the day or night:
  The crow, or dove, it shapes them to your feature.
    Incapable of more, replete with you,
    My most true mind thus maketh mine untrue.

  CXIV

  Or whether doth my mind, being crown'd with you,
  Drink up the monarch's plague, this flattery?
  Or whether shall I say, mine eye saith true,
  And that your love taught it this alchemy,
  To make of monsters and things indigest
  Such cherubins as your sweet self resemble,
  Creating every bad a perfect best,
  As fast as objects to his beams assemble?
  O! 'tis the first, 'tis flattery in my seeing,
  And my great mind most kingly drinks it up:
  Mine eye well knows what with his gust is 'greeing,
  And to his palate doth prepare the cup:
    If it be poison'd, 'tis the lesser sin
    That mine eye loves it and doth first begin.

  CXV

  Those lines that I before have writ do lie,
  Even those that said I could not love you dearer:
  Yet then my judgment knew no reason why
  My most full flame should afterwards burn clearer.
  But reckoning Time, whose million'd accidents
  Creep in 'twixt vows, and change decrees of kings,
  Tan sacred beauty, blunt the sharp'st intents,
  Divert strong minds to the course of altering things;
  Alas! why fearing of Time's tyranny,
  Might I not then say, 'Now I love you best,'
  When I was certain o'er incertainty,
  Crowning the present, doubting of the rest?
    Love is a babe, then might I not say so,
    To give full growth to that which still doth grow?

  CXVI

  Let me not to the marriage of true minds
  Admit impediments. Love is not love
  Which alters when it alteration finds,
  Or bends with the remover to remove:
  O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
  That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
  It is the star to every wandering bark,
  Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
  Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
  Within his bending sickle's compass come;
  Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
  But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
    If this be error and upon me prov'd,
    I never writ, nor no man ever lov'd.

  CXVII

  Accuse me thus: that I have scanted all,
  Wherein I should your great deserts repay,
  Forgot upon your dearest love to call,
  Whereto all bonds do tie me day by day;
  That I have frequent been with unknown minds,
  And given to time your own dear-purchas'd right;
  That I have hoisted sail to all the winds
  Which should transport me farthest from your sight.
  Book both my wilfulness and errors down,
  And on just proof surmise, accumulate;
  Bring me within the level of your frown,
  But shoot not at me in your waken'd hate;
    Since my appeal says I did strive to prove
    The constancy and virtue of your love.

  CXVIII

  Like as, to make our appetite more keen,
  With eager compounds we our palate urge;
  As, to prevent our maladies unseen,
  We sicken to shun sickness when we purge;
  Even so, being full of your ne'er-cloying sweetness,
  To bitter sauces did I frame my feeding;
  And, sick of welfare, found a kind of meetness
  To be diseas'd, ere that there was true needing.
  Thus policy in love, to anticipate
  The ills that were not, grew to faults assur'd,
  And brought to medicine a healthful state
  Which, rank of goodness, would by ill be cur'd;
    But thence I learn and find the lesson true,
    Drugs poison him that so fell sick of you.

  CXIX

  What potions have I drunk of Siren tears,
  Distill'd from limbecks foul as hell within,
  Applying fears to hopes, and hopes to fears,
  Still losing when I saw myself to win!
  What wretched errors hath my heart committed,
  Whilst it hath thought itself so blessed never!
  How have mine eyes out of their spheres been fitted,
  In the distraction of this madding fever!
  O benefit of ill! now I find true
  That better is, by evil still made better;
  And ruin'd love, when it is built anew,
  Grows fairer than at first, more strong, far greater.
    So I return rebuk'd to my content,
    And gain by ill thrice more than I have spent.

  CXX

  That you were once unkind befriends me now,
  And for that sorrow, which I then did feel,
  Needs must I under my transgression bow,
  Unless my nerves were brass or hammer'd steel.
  For if you were by my unkindness shaken,
  As I by yours, you've pass'd a hell of time;
  And I, a tyrant, have no leisure taken
  To weigh how once I suffer'd in your crime.
  O! that our night of woe might have remember'd
  My deepest sense, how hard true sorrow hits,
  And soon to you, as you to me, then tender'd
  The humble salve, which wounded bosoms fits!
    But that your trespass now becomes a fee;
    Mine ransoms yours, and yours must ransom me.

  CXXI

  'Tis better to be vile than vile esteem'd,
  When not to be receives reproach of being;
  And the just pleasure lost, which is so deem'd
  Not by our feeling, but by others' seeing:
  For why should others' false adulterate eyes
  Give salutation to my sportive blood?
  Or on my frailties why are frailer spies,
  Which in their wills count bad what I think good?
  No, I am that I am, and they that level
  At my abuses reckon up their own:
  I may be straight though they themselves be bevel;
  By their rank thoughts, my deeds must not be shown;
    Unless this general evil they maintain,
    All men are bad and in their badness reign.

  CXXII

  Thy gift, thy tables, are within my brain
  Full character'd with lasting memory,
  Which shall above that idle rank remain,
  Beyond all date; even to eternity:
  Or, at the least, so long as brain and heart
  Have faculty by nature to subsist;
  Till each to raz'd oblivion yield his part
  Of thee, thy record never can be miss'd.
  That poor retention could not so much hold,
  Nor need I tallies thy dear love to score;
  Therefore to give them from me was I bold,
  To trust those tables that receive thee more:
    To keep an adjunct to remember thee
    Were to import forgetfulness in me.

  CXXIII

  No, Time, thou shalt not boast that I do change:
  Thy pyramids built up with newer might
  To me are nothing novel, nothing strange;
  They are but dressings of a former sight.
  Our dates are brief, and therefore we admire
  What thou dost foist upon us that is old;
  And rather make them born to our desire
  Than think that we before have heard them told.
  Thy registers and thee I both defy,
  Not wondering at the present nor the past,
  For thy records and what we see doth lie,
  Made more or less by thy continual haste.
    This I do vow and this shall ever be;
    I will be true despite thy scythe and thee.

  CXXIV

  If my dear love were but the child of state,
  It might for Fortune's bastard be unfather'd,
  As subject to Time's love or to Time's hate,
  Weeds among weeds, or flowers with flowers gather'd.
  No, it was builded far from accident;
  It suffers not in smiling pomp, nor falls
  Under the blow of thralled discontent,
  Whereto th' inviting time our fashion calls:
  It fears not policy, that heretic,
  Which works on leases of short-number'd hours,
  But all alone stands hugely politic,
  That it nor grows with heat, nor drowns with showers.
    To this I witness call the fools of time,
    Which die for goodness, who have lived for crime.

  CXXV

  Were't aught to me I bore the canopy,
  With my extern the outward honouring,
  Or laid great bases for eternity,
  Which proves more short than waste or ruining?
  Have I not seen dwellers on form and favour
  Lose all and more by paying too much rent
  For compound sweet; forgoing simple savour,
  Pitiful thrivers, in their gazing spent?
  No; let me be obsequious in thy heart,
  And take thou my oblation, poor but free,
  Which is not mix'd with seconds, knows no art,
  But mutual render, only me for thee.
    Hence, thou suborned informer! a true soul
    When most impeach'd, stands least in thy control.

  CXXVI

  O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy power
  Dost hold Time's fickle glass, his fickle hour;
  Who hast by waning grown, and therein show'st
  Thy lovers withering, as thy sweet self grow'st.
  If Nature, sovereign mistress over wrack,
  As thou goest onwards, still will pluck thee back,
  She keeps thee to this purpose, that her skill
  May time disgrace and wretched minutes kill.
  Yet fear her, O thou minion of her pleasure!
  She may detain, but not still keep, her treasure:
    Her audit (though delayed) answered must be,
    And her quietus is to render thee.

  CXXVII

  In the old age black was not counted fair,
  Or if it were, it bore not beauty's name;
  But now is black beauty's successive heir,
  And beauty slander'd with a bastard shame:
  For since each hand hath put on Nature's power,
  Fairing the foul with Art's false borrowed face,
  Sweet beauty hath no name, no holy bower,
  But is profan'd, if not lives in disgrace.
  Therefore my mistress' eyes are raven black,
  Her eyes so suited, and they mourners seem
  At such who, not born fair, no beauty lack,
  Sland'ring creation with a false esteem:
    Yet so they mourn becoming of their woe,
    That every tongue says beauty should look so.

  CXXVIII

  How oft when thou, my music, music play'st,
  Upon that blessed wood whose motion sounds
  With thy sweet fingers when thou gently sway'st
  The wiry concord that mine ear confounds,
  Do I envy those jacks that nimble leap,
  To kiss the tender inward of thy hand,
  Whilst my poor lips which should that harvest reap,
  At the wood's boldness by thee blushing stand!
  To be so tickled, they would change their state
  And situation with those dancing chips,
  O'er whom thy fingers walk with gentle gait,
  Making dead wood more bless'd than living lips.
    Since saucy jacks so happy are in this,
    Give them thy fingers, me thy lips to kiss.

  CXXIX

  The expense of spirit in a waste of shame
  Is lust in action: and till action, lust
  Is perjur'd, murderous, bloody, full of blame,
  Savage, extreme, rude, cruel, not to trust;
  Enjoy'd no sooner but despised straight;
  Past reason hunted; and no sooner had,
  Past reason hated, as a swallow'd bait,
  On purpose laid to make the taker mad:
  Mad in pursuit and in possession so;
  Had, having, and in quest, to have extreme;
  A bliss in proof,-- and prov'd, a very woe;
  Before, a joy propos'd; behind a dream.
    All this the world well knows; yet none knows well
    To shun the heaven that leads men to this hell.

  CXXX

  My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun;
  Coral is far more red, than her lips red:
  If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun;
  If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head.
  I have seen roses damask'd, red and white,
  But no such roses see I in her cheeks;
  And in some perfumes is there more delight
  Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks.
  I love to hear her speak, yet well I know
  That music hath a far more pleasing sound:
  I grant I never saw a goddess go,--
  My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground:
    And yet by heaven, I think my love as rare,
    As any she belied with false compare.

  CXXXI

  Thou art as tyrannous, so as thou art,
  As those whose beauties proudly make them cruel;
  For well thou know'st to my dear doting heart
  Thou art the fairest and most precious jewel.
  Yet, in good faith, some say that thee behold,
  Thy face hath not the power to make love groan;
  To say they err I dare not be so bold,
  Although I swear it to myself alone.
  And to be sure that is not false I swear,
  A thousand groans, but thinking on thy face,
  One on another's neck, do witness bear
  Thy black is fairest in my judgment's place.
    In nothing art thou black save in thy deeds,
    And thence this slander, as I think, proceeds.

  CXXXII

  Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,
  Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,
  Have put on black and loving mourners be,
  Looking with pretty ruth upon my pain.
  And truly not the morning sun of heaven
  Better becomes the grey cheeks of the east,
  Nor that full star that ushers in the even,
  Doth half that glory to the sober west,
  As those two mourning eyes become thy face:
  O! let it then as well beseem thy heart
  To mourn for me since mourning doth thee grace,
  And suit thy pity like in every part.
    Then will I swear beauty herself is black,
    And all they foul that thy complexion lack.

  CXXXIII

  Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan
  For that deep wound it gives my friend and me!
  Is't not enough to torture me alone,
  But slave to slavery my sweet'st friend must be?
  Me from myself thy cruel eye hath taken,
  And my next self thou harder hast engross'd:
  Of him, myself, and thee I am forsaken;
  A torment thrice three-fold thus to be cross'd:
  Prison my heart in thy steel bosom's ward,
  But then my friend's heart let my poor heart bail;
  Whoe'er keeps me, let my heart be his guard;
  Thou canst not then use rigour in my jail:
    And yet thou wilt; for I, being pent in thee,
    Perforce am thine, and all that is in me.

  CXXXIV

  So, now I have confess'd that he is thine,
  And I my self am mortgag'd to thy will,
  Myself I'll forfeit, so that other mine
  Thou wilt restore to be my comfort still:
  But thou wilt not, nor he will not be free,
  For thou art covetous, and he is kind;
  He learn'd but surety-like to write for me,
  Under that bond that him as fast doth bind.
  The statute of thy beauty thou wilt take,
  Thou usurer, that putt'st forth all to use,
  And sue a friend came debtor for my sake;
  So him I lose through my unkind abuse.
    Him have I lost; thou hast both him and me:
    He pays the whole, and yet am I not free.

  CXXXV

  Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy 'Will,'
  And 'Will' to boot, and 'Will' in over-plus;
  More than enough am I that vex'd thee still,
  To thy sweet will making addition thus.
  Wilt thou, whose will is large and spacious,
  Not once vouchsafe to hide my will in thine?
  Shall will in others seem right gracious,
  And in my will no fair acceptance shine?
  The sea, all water, yet receives rain still,
  And in abundance addeth to his store;
  So thou, being rich in 'Will,' add to thy 'Will'
  One will of mine, to make thy large will more.
    Let no unkind 'No' fair beseechers kill;
    Think all but one, and me in that one 'Will.'

  CXXXVI

  If thy soul check thee that I come so near,
  Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy 'Will',
  And will, thy soul knows, is admitted there;
  Thus far for love, my love-suit, sweet, fulfil.
  'Will', will fulfil the treasure of thy love,
  Ay, fill it full with wills, and my will one.
  In things of great receipt with ease we prove
  Among a number one is reckon'd none:
  Then in the number let me pass untold,
  Though in thy store's account I one must be;
  For nothing hold me, so it please thee hold
  That nothing me, a something sweet to thee:
    Make but my name thy love, and love that still,
    And then thou lov'st me for my name is 'Will.'

  CXXXVII

  Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes,
  That they behold, and see not what they see?
  They know what beauty is, see where it lies,
  Yet what the best is take the worst to be.
  If eyes, corrupt by over-partial looks,
  Be anchor'd in the bay where all men ride,
  Why of eyes' falsehood hast thou forged hooks,
  Whereto the judgment of my heart is tied?
  Why should my heart think that a several plot,
  Which my heart knows the wide world's common place?
  Or mine eyes, seeing this, say this is not,
  To put fair truth upon so foul a face?
    In things right true my heart and eyes have err'd,
    And to this false plague are they now transferr'd.

  CXXXVIII

  When my love swears that she is made of truth,
  I do believe her though I know she lies,
  That she might think me some untutor'd youth,
  Unlearned in the world's false subtleties.
  Thus vainly thinking that she thinks me young,
  Although she knows my days are past the best,
  Simply I credit her false-speaking tongue:
  On both sides thus is simple truth suppressed:
  But wherefore says she not she is unjust?
  And wherefore say not I that I am old?
  O! love's best habit is in seeming trust,
  And age in love, loves not to have years told:
    Therefore I lie with her, and she with me,
    And in our faults by lies we flatter'd be.

  CXXXIX

  O! call not me to justify the wrong
  That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;
  Wound me not with thine eye, but with thy tongue:
  Use power with power, and slay me not by art,
  Tell me thou lov'st elsewhere; but in my sight,
  Dear heart, forbear to glance thine eye aside:
  What need'st thou wound with cunning, when thy might
  Is more than my o'erpress'd defence can bide?
  Let me excuse thee: ah! my love well knows
  Her pretty looks have been mine enemies;
  And therefore from my face she turns my foes,
  That they elsewhere might dart their injuries:
    Yet do not so; but since I am near slain,
    Kill me outright with looks, and rid my pain.


  CXL

  Be wise as thou art cruel; do not press
  My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain;
  Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express
  The manner of my pity-wanting pain.
  If I might teach thee wit, better it were,
  Though not to love, yet, love to tell me so;--
  As testy sick men, when their deaths be near,
  No news but health from their physicians know;--
  For, if I should despair, I should grow mad,
  And in my madness might speak ill of thee;
  Now this ill-wresting world is grown so bad,
  Mad slanderers by mad ears believed be.
    That I may not be so, nor thou belied,
    Bear thine eyes straight, though thy proud heart go wide.

  CXLI

  In faith I do not love thee with mine eyes,
  For they in thee a thousand errors note;
  But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise,
  Who, in despite of view, is pleased to dote.
  Nor are mine ears with thy tongue's tune delighted;
  Nor tender feeling, to base touches prone,
  Nor taste, nor smell, desire to be invited
  To any sensual feast with thee alone:
  But my five wits nor my five senses can
  Dissuade one foolish heart from serving thee,
  Who leaves unsway'd the likeness of a man,
  Thy proud heart's slave and vassal wretch to be:
    Only my plague thus far I count my gain,
    That she that makes me sin awards me pain.

  CXLII

  Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
  Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving:
  O! but with mine compare thou thine own state,
  And thou shalt find it merits not reproving;
  Or, if it do, not from those lips of thine,
  That have profan'd their scarlet ornaments
  And seal'd false bonds of love as oft as mine,
  Robb'd others' beds' revenues of their rents.
  Be it lawful I love thee, as thou lov'st those
  Whom thine eyes woo as mine importune thee:
  Root pity in thy heart, that, when it grows,
  Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.
    If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,
    By self-example mayst thou be denied!

  CXLIII

  Lo, as a careful housewife runs to catch
  One of her feather'd creatures broke away,
  Sets down her babe, and makes all swift dispatch
  In pursuit of the thing she would have stay;
  Whilst her neglected child holds her in chase,
  Cries to catch her whose busy care is bent
  To follow that which flies before her face,
  Not prizing her poor infant's discontent;
  So runn'st thou after that which flies from thee,
  Whilst I thy babe chase thee afar behind;
  But if thou catch thy hope, turn back to me,
  And play the mother's part, kiss me, be kind;
    So will I pray that thou mayst have thy 'Will,'
    If thou turn back and my loud crying still.

  CXLIV

  Two loves I have of comfort and despair,
  Which like two spirits do suggest me still:
  The better angel is a man right fair,
  The worser spirit a woman colour'd ill.
  To win me soon to hell, my female evil,
  Tempteth my better angel from my side,
  And would corrupt my saint to be a devil,
  Wooing his purity with her foul pride.
  And whether that my angel be turn'd fiend,
  Suspect I may, yet not directly tell;
  But being both from me, both to each friend,
  I guess one angel in another's hell:
    Yet this shall I ne'er know, but live in doubt,
    Till my bad angel fire my good one out.

  CXLV

  Those lips that Love's own hand did make,
  Breathed forth the sound that said 'I hate',
  To me that languish'd for her sake:
  But when she saw my woeful state,
  Straight in her heart did mercy come,
  Chiding that tongue that ever sweet
  Was us'd in giving gentle doom;
  And taught it thus anew to greet;
  'I hate' she alter'd with an end,
  That followed it as gentle day,
  Doth follow night, who like a fiend
  From heaven to hell is flown away.
    'I hate', from hate away she threw,
    And sav'd my life, saying 'not you'.

  CXLVI

  Poor soul, the centre of my sinful earth,
  My sinful earth these rebel powers array,
  Why dost thou pine within and suffer dearth,
  Painting thy outward walls so costly gay?
  Why so large cost, having so short a lease,
  Dost thou upon thy fading mansion spend?
  Shall worms, inheritors of this excess,
  Eat up thy charge? Is this thy body's end?
  Then soul, live thou upon thy servant's loss,
  And let that pine to aggravate thy store;
  Buy terms divine in selling hours of dross;
  Within be fed, without be rich no more:
    So shall thou feed on Death, that feeds on men,
    And Death once dead, there's no more dying then.

  CXLVII

  My love is as a fever longing still,
  For that which longer nurseth the disease;
  Feeding on that which doth preserve the ill,
  The uncertain sickly appetite to please.
  My reason, the physician to my love,
  Angry that his prescriptions are not kept,
  Hath left me, and I desperate now approve
  Desire is death, which physic did except.
  Past cure I am, now Reason is past care,
  And frantic-mad with evermore unrest;
  My thoughts and my discourse as madmen's are,
  At random from the truth vainly express'd;
    For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,
    Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.

  CXLVIII

  O me! what eyes hath Love put in my head,
  Which have no correspondence with true sight;
  Or, if they have, where is my judgment fled,
  That censures falsely what they see aright?
  If that be fair whereon my false eyes dote,
  What means the world to say it is not so?
  If it be not, then love doth well denote
  Love's eye is not so true as all men's: no,
  How can it? O! how can Love's eye be true,
  That is so vexed with watching and with tears?
  No marvel then, though I mistake my view;
  The sun itself sees not, till heaven clears.
    O cunning Love! with tears thou keep'st me blind,
    Lest eyes well-seeing thy foul faults should find.

  CXLIX

  Canst thou, O cruel! say I love thee not,
  When I against myself with thee partake?
  Do I not think on thee, when I forgot
  Am of my self, all tyrant, for thy sake?
  Who hateth thee that I do call my friend,
  On whom frown'st thou that I do fawn upon,
  Nay, if thou lour'st on me, do I not spend
  Revenge upon myself with present moan?
  What merit do I in my self respect,
  That is so proud thy service to despise,
  When all my best doth worship thy defect,
  Commanded by the motion of thine eyes?
    But, love, hate on, for now I know thy mind;
    Those that can see thou lov'st, and I am blind.

  CL

  O! from what power hast thou this powerful might,
  With insufficiency my heart to sway?
  To make me give the lie to my true sight,
  And swear that brightness doth not grace the day?
  Whence hast thou this becoming of things ill,
  That in the very refuse of thy deeds
  There is such strength and warrantise of skill,
  That, in my mind, thy worst all best exceeds?
  Who taught thee how to make me love thee more,
  The more I hear and see just cause of hate?
  O! though I love what others do abhor,
  With others thou shouldst not abhor my state:
    If thy unworthiness rais'd love in me,
    More worthy I to be belov'd of thee.

  CLI

  Love is too young to know what conscience is,
  Yet who knows not conscience is born of love?
  Then, gentle cheater, urge not my amiss,
  Lest guilty of my faults thy sweet self prove:
  For, thou betraying me, I do betray
  My nobler part to my gross body's treason;
  My soul doth tell my body that he may
  Triumph in love; flesh stays no farther reason,
  But rising at thy name doth point out thee,
  As his triumphant prize. Proud of this pride,
  He is contented thy poor drudge to be,
  To stand in thy affairs, fall by thy side.
    No want of conscience hold it that I call
    Her 'love,' for whose dear love I rise and fall.

  CLII

  In loving thee thou know'st I am forsworn,
  But thou art twice forsworn, to me love swearing;
  In act thy bed-vow broke, and new faith torn,
  In vowing new hate after new love bearing:
  But why of two oaths' breach do I accuse thee,
  When I break twenty? I am perjur'd most;
  For all my vows are oaths but to misuse thee,
  And all my honest faith in thee is lost:
  For I have sworn deep oaths of thy deep kindness,
  Oaths of thy love, thy truth, thy constancy;
  And, to enlighten thee, gave eyes to blindness,
  Or made them swear against the thing they see;
    For I have sworn thee fair; more perjur'd I,
    To swear against the truth so foul a lie!

  CLIII

  Cupid laid by his brand and fell asleep:
  A maid of Dian's this advantage found,
  And his love-kindling fire did quickly steep
  In a cold valley-fountain of that ground;
  Which borrow'd from this holy fire of Love,
  A dateless lively heat, still to endure,
  And grew a seeting bath, which yet men prove
  Against strange maladies a sovereign cure.
  But at my mistress' eye Love's brand new-fired,
  The boy for trial needs would touch my breast;
  I, sick withal, the help of bath desired,
  And thither hied, a sad distemper'd guest,
    But found no cure, the bath for my help lies
    Where Cupid got new fire; my mistress' eyes.

  CLIV

  The little Love-god lying once asleep,
  Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand,
  Whilst many nymphs that vow'd chaste life to keep
  Came tripping by; but in her maiden hand
  The fairest votary took up that fire
  Which many legions of true hearts had warm'd;
  And so the general of hot desire
  Was, sleeping, by a virgin hand disarm'd.
  This brand she quenched in a cool well by,
  Which from Love's fire took heat perpetual,
  Growing a bath and healthful remedy,
  For men diseas'd; but I, my mistress' thrall,
    Came there for cure and this by that I prove,
    Love's fire heats water, water cools not love.




ONE'SSELF I sing, a simple separate person,
Yet utter the word Democratic, the word EnMasse.

Of physiology from top to toe I sing,
Not physiognomy alone nor brain alone is worthy for the Muse, I 
say the Form complete is worthier far,
The Female equally with the Male I sing.

Of Life immense in passion, pulse, and power,
Cheerful, for freest action form'd under the laws divine,
The Modern Man I sing.


AS I PONDER'D IN SILENCE.

As I ponder'd in silence,
Returning upon my poems, considering, lingering long,
A Phantom arose before me with distrustful aspect,
Terrible in beauty, age, and power,
The genius of poets of old lands,
As to me directing like flame its eyes,
With finger pointing to many immortal songs,
And menacing voice, What singest thou? it said,
Know'st thou not there is but one theme for everenduring bards?
And that is the theme of War, the fortune of battles,
The making of perfect soldiers.

Be it so, then I answer'd,
I too haughty Shade also sing war, and a longer and greater one 
than any,
Waged in my book with varying fortune, with flight, advance and 
retreat, victory deferr'd and wavering,



(Yet methinks certain, or as good as certain, at the last,) the field 
the world,
For life and death, for the Body and for the eternal Soul,
Lo, I too am come, chanting the chant of battles,
I above all promote brave soldiers.


IN CABIN'D SHIPS AT SEA.

IN cabin'd ships at sea,
The boundless blue on every side expanding,
With whistling winds and music of the waves, the large imperious 
waves,
Or some lone bark buoy'd on the dense marine,
Where joyous full of faith, spreading white sails,
She cleaves the ether mid the sparkle and the foam of day, or 
under many a star at night,
By sailors young and old haply will I, a reminiscence of the land,
be read,
In full rapport at last.

Here are our thoughts, voyagers' thoughts,
Here not the land, firm land, alone appears, may then by them be 
said,
The sky o'erarches here, we feel the undulating deck beneath our 
feet,
We feel the long pulsation, ebb and flow of endless motion,
The tones of unseen mystery, the vague and vast suggestions of the 
briny world, the liquidflowing syllables,
The perfume, the faint creaking of the cordage, the melancholy 
rhythm,
The boundless vista and the horizon far and dim are all here,
And this is ocean's poem.

Then falter not O book, fulfil your destiny,
You not a reminiscence of the land alone,
You too as a lone bark cleaving the ether, purpos'd I know not 
whither, yet ever full of faith,
Consort to every ship that sails, sail you!
Bear forth to them folded my love, (dear mariners, for you I fold 
it here in every leaf;)
Speed on my book! spread your white sails my little bark athwart 
the imperious waves,
Chant on, sail on, bear o'er the boundless blue from me to every 
sea,
This song for mariners and all their ships.






TO FOREIGN LANDS.

I HEARD that you ask'd for something to prove this puzzle the New 
World,
And to define America, her athletic Democracy,
Therefore I send you my poems that you behold in them what you 
wanted.


TO A HISTORIAN.

YOU who celebrate bygones,
Who have explored the outward, the surfaces of the races, the life 
that has exhibited itself,
Who have treated of man as the creature of politics, aggregates, 
rulers and priests,
I, habitan of the Alleghanies, treating of him as he is in himself 
in his own rights,
Pressing the pulse of the life that has seldom exhibited itself, (the 
great pride of man in himself,)
Chanter of Personality, outlining what is yet to be,
I project the history of the future.


TO THEE OLD CAUSE.

TO thee old cause!
Thou peerless, passionate, good cause,
Thou stern, remorseless, sweet idea,
Deathless throughout the ages, races, lands,
After a strange sad war, great war for thee,
(I think all war through time was really fought, and ever will be 
really fought, for thee,)
These chants for thee, the eternal march of thee.

(A war O soldiers not for itself alone,
Far, far more stood silently waiting behind, now to advance in 
this book.)

Thou orb of many orbs!
Thou seething principle! thou wellkept, latent germ! thou centre!
Around the idea of thee the war revolving,
With all its angry and vehement play of causes,
(With vast results to come for thrice a thousand years,)
These recitatives for thee,my book and the war are one,
Merged in its spirit I and mine, as the contest hinged on thee,
As a wheel on its axis turns, this book unwitting to itself,
Around the idea of thee.





EIDLONS.

   I MET a seer,
Passing the hues and objects of the world,
The fields of art and learning, pleasure, sense,
   To glean eidlons.

   Put in thy chants said he,
No more the puzzling hour nor day, nor segments, parts, put in,
Put first before the rest as light for all and entrancesong of all,
   That of eidlons.

   Ever the dim beginning,
Ever the growth, the rounding of the circle,
Ever the summit and the merge at last, (to surely start again,)
   Eidlons! eidlons!

   Ever the mutable,
Ever materials, changing, crumbling, recohering,
Ever the ateliers, the factories divine,
   Issuing eidlons.

   Lo, I or you,
Or woman, man, or state, known or unknown,
We seeming solid wealth, strength, beauty build,
    But really build eidlons.

   The ostent evanescent,
The substance of an artist's mood or savan's studies long,
Or warrior's, martyr's, hero's toils,
   To fashion his eidlon.

   Of every human life,
(The units gather'd, posted, not a thought, emotion, deed, left out,)
The whole or large or small summ'd, added up,
   In its eidlon.

   The old, old urge,
Based on the ancient pinnacles, lo, newer, higher pinnacles,
From science and the modern still impell'd,
   The old, old urge, eidlons.

   The present now and here,
America's busy, teeming, intricate whirl,
Of aggregate and segregate for only thence releasing,
   Today's eidlons.




   These with the past,
Of vanish'd lands, of all the reigns of kings across the sea,
Old conquerors, old campaigns, old sailors' voyages,
   Joining eidlons.

   Densities, growth, faades,
Strata of mountains, soils, rocks, giant trees,
Farborn, fardying, living long, to leave,
   Eidlons everlasting.

   Exalt, rapt, ecstatic,
The visible but their womb of birth,
Of orbic tendencies to shape and shape and shape,
   The mighty eartheidlon.

   All space, all time,
(The stars, the terrible perturbations of the suns,
Swelling, collapsing, ending, serving their longer, shorter use,)
   Fill'd with eidlons only.

   The noiseless myriads,
The infinite oceans where the rivers empty,
The separate countless free identities, like eyesight,
   The true realities, eidlons.

   Not this the world,
Nor these the universes, they the universes,
Purport and end, ever the permanent life of life,
   Eidlons, eidlons.

   Beyond thy lectures learn'd professor,
Beyond thy telescope or spectroscope observer keen, beyond all 
mathematics,
Beyond the doctor's surgery, anatomy, beyond the chemist with 
his chemistry,
   The entities of entities, eidlons.

   Unfix'd yet fix'd,
Ever shall be, ever have been and are,
Sweeping the present to the infinite future,
   Eidlons, eidlons, eidlons.

   The prophet and the bard,
Shall yet maintain themselves, in higher stages yet,
Shall mediate to the Modern, to Democracy, interpret yet to them,
   God and eidlons.



   And thee my soul,
Joys, ceaseless exercises, exaltations,
Thy yearning amply fed at last, prepared to meet,
   Thy mates, eidlons.

   Thy body permanent,
The body lurking there within thy body,
The only purport of the form thou art, the real I myself,
   An image, an eidlon.

   Thy very songs not in thy songs,
No special strains to sing, none for itself,
But from the whole resulting, rising at last and floating,
   A round fullorb'd eidlon.


FOR HIM I SING.

FOR him I sing,
I raise the present on the past,
(As some perennial tree out of its roots, the present on the past,)
With time and space I him dilate and fuse the immortal laws,
To make himself by them the law unto himself.


WHEN I READ THE BOOK.

WHEN I read the book, the biography famous,
And is this then (said I) what the author calls a man's life?
And so will some one when I am dead and gone write my life?
(As if any man really knew aught of my life,
Why even I myself I often think know little or nothing of my real 
life,
Only a few hints, a few diffused faint clews and indirections
I seek for my own use to trace out here.)


BEGINNING MY STUDIES.

BEGINNING my studies the first step pleas'd me so much,
The mere fact consciousness, these forms, the power of motion,
The least insect or animal, the senses, eyesight, love,
The first step I say awed me and pleas'd me so much,
I have hardly gone and hardly wish'd to go any farther,
But stop and loiter all the time to sing it in ecstatic songs.





BEGINNERS.

HOW they are provided for upon the earth, (appearing at inter
vals,)
How dear and dreadful they are to the earth,
How they inure to themselves as much as to anywhat a paradox 
appears their age,
How people respond to them, yet know them not,
How there is something relentless in their fate all times,
How all times mischoose the objects of their adulation and re
ward,
And how the same inexorable price must still be paid for the same 
great purchase.


TO THE STATES.

TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist 
much, obey little,
Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,
Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after
ward resumes its liberty.


ON JOURNEYS THROUGH THE STATES.

ON journeys through the States we start,
(Ay through the world, urged by these songs,
Sailing henceforth to every land, to every sea,)
We willing learners of all, teachers of all, and lovers of all.

We have watch'd the seasons dispensing themselves and passing 
on,
And have said, Why should not a man or woman do as much as 
the seasons, and effuse as much?

We dwell a while in every city and town,
We pass through Kanada, the Northeast, the vast valley of the 
Mississippi, and the Southern States,
We confer on equal terms with each of the States,
We make trial of ourselves and invite men and women to hear,
We say to ourselves, Remember, fear not, be candid, promulge the 
body and the soul,
Dwell a while and pass on, be copious, temperate, chaste, mag
netic,
And what you effuse may then return as the seasons return,
And may be just as much as the seasons.





TO A CERTAIN CANTATRICE.

HERE, take this gift,
I was reserving it for some hero, speaker, or general,
One who should serve the good old cause, the great idea, the prog
ress and freedom of the race,
Some brave confronter of despots, some daring rebel;
But I see that what I was reserving belongs to you just as much as 
to any.


ME IMPERTURBE.

ME imperturbe, standing at ease in Nature,
Master of all or mistress of all, aplomb in the midst of irrational 
things,
Imbued as they, passive, receptive, silent as they,
Finding my occupation, poverty, notoriety, foibles, crimes, less im
portant than I thought,
Me toward the Mexican sea, or in the Mannahatta or the Tennes
see, or far north or inland,
A river man, or a man of the woods or of any farmlife of these 
States or of the coast, or the lakes or Kanada,
Me wherever my life is lived, O to be selfbalanced for contingen
cies,
To confront night, storms, hunger, ridicule, accidents, rebuffs, as 
the trees and animals do.


SAVANTISM.

THITHER as I look I see each result and glory retracing itself and 
nestling close, always obligated,
Thither hours, months, yearsthither trades, compacts, establish
ments, even the most minute,
Thither everyday life, speech, utensils, politics, persons, estates;
Thither we also, I with my leaves and songs, trustful, admirant,
As a father to his father going takes his children along with him.


THE SHIP STARTING.

LO, the unbounded sea,
On its breast a ship starting, spreading all sails, carrying even her 
moonsails,
The pennant is flying aloft as she speeds she speeds so stately
below emulous waves press forward,
They surround the ship with shining curving motions and foam.




I HEAR AMERICA SINGING.

I HEAR America singing, the varied carols I hear,
Those of mechanics, each one singing his as it should be blithe 
and strong,
The carpenter singing his as he measures his plank or beam,
The mason singing his as he makes ready for work, or leaves off 
work,
The boatman singing what belongs to him in his boat, the deck
hand singing on the steamboat deck,
The shoemaker singing as he sits on his bench, the hatter singing 
as he stands,
The woodcutter's song, the ploughboy's on his way in the morn
ing, or at noon intermission or at sundown,
The delicious singing of the mother, or of the young wife at work,
or of the girl sewing or washing,
Each singing what belongs to him or her and to none else,
The day what belongs to the dayat night the party of young 
fellows, robust, friendly,
Singing with open mouths their strong melodious songs.


WHAT PLACE IS BESIEGED?

WHAT place is besieged, and vainly tries to raise the siege?
Lo, I send to that place a commander, swift, brave, immortal,
And with him horse and foot, and parks of artillery,
And artillerymen, the deadliest that ever fired gun.


STILL THOUGH THE ONE I SING.

STILL though the one I sing,
(One, yet of contradictions made,) I dedicate to Nationality,
I leave in him revolt, (O latent right of insurrection! O quench
less, indispensable fire!)


SHUT NOT YOUR DOORS.

SHUT not your doors to me proud libraries,
For that which was lacking on all your wellfill'd shelves, yet 
needed most, I bring,
Forth from the war emerging, a book I have made,
The words of my book nothing, the drift of it every thing,
A book separate, not link'd with the rest nor felt by the intellect,
But you ye untold latencies will thrill to every page.




POETS TO COME.

POETS to come! orators, singers, musicians to come!
Not today is to justify me and answer what I am for,
But you, a new brood, native, athletic, continental, greater than 
before known,
Arouse! for you must justify me.

I myself but write one or two indicative words for the future,
I but advance a moment only to wheel and hurry back in the 
darkness.

I am a man who, sauntering along without fully stopping, turns a 
casual look upon you and then averts his face,
Leaving it to you to prove and define it,
Expecting the main things from you.


TO YOU.

STRANGER, if you passing meet me and desire to speak to me, why 
should you not speak to me?
And why should I not speak to you?


THOU READER.

THOU reader throbbest life and pride and love the same as I,
Therefore for thee the following chants.

STARTING FROM PAUMANOK.



STARTING from fishshape Paumanok where I was born,
Wellbegotten, and rais'd by a perfect mother,
After roaming many lands, lover of populous pavements,
Dweller in Mannahatta my city, or on southern savannas,
Or a soldier camp'd or carrying my knapsack and gun, or a miner 
in California,
Or rude in my home in Dakota's woods, my diet meat, my drink 
from the spring,
Or withdrawn to muse and meditate in some deep recess,
Far from the clank of crowds intervals passing rapt and happy,



Aware of the fresh free giver the flowing Missouri, aware of mighty 
Niagara,
Aware of the buffalo herds grazing the plains, the hirsute and 
strongbreasted bull,
Of earth, rocks, Fifthmonth flowers experienced, stars, rain, snow,
my amaze,
Having studied the mockingbird's tones and the flight of the 
mountainhawk,
And heard at dawn the unrivall'd one, the hermit thrush from the 
swampcedars,
Solitary, singing in the West, I strike up for a New World.




Victory, union, faith, identity, time,
The indissoluble compacts, riches, mystery,
Eternal progress, the kosmos, and the modern reports.

This then is life,
Here is what has come to the surface after so many throes and 
convulsions.

How curious! how real!
Underfoot the divine soil, overhead the sun.

See revolving the globe,
The ancestorcontinents away group'd together,
The present and future continents north and south, with the 
isthmus between.

See, vast trackless spaces,
As in a dream they change, they swiftly fill,
Countless masses debouch upon them,
They are now cover'd with the foremost people, arts, institutions,
known.

See, projected through time,
For me an audience interminable.

With firm and regular step they wend, they never stop,
Successions of men, Americanos, a hundred millions,
One generation playing its part and passing on,
Another generation playing its part and passing on in its turn,
With faces turn'd sideways or backward towards me to listen,
With eyes retrospective towards me.






Americanos! conquerors! marches humanitarian!
Foremost! century marches! Libertad! masses!
For you a programme of chants.

Chants of the prairies,
Chants of the longrunning Mississippi, and down to the Mexican 
sea,
Chants of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota,
Chants going forth from the centre from Kansas, and thence equi
distant,
Shooting in pulses of fire ceaseless to vivify all.




Take my leaves America, take them South and take them North,
Make welcome for them everywhere, for they are your own off
spring,
Surround them East and West, for they would surround you,
And you precedents, connect lovingly with them, for they connect 
lovingly with you.

I conn'd old times,
I sat studying at the feet of the great masters,
Now if eligible O that the great masters might return and study me.

In the name of these States shall I scorn the antique?
Why these are the children of the antique to justify it.




Dead poets, philosophs, priests,
Martyrs, artists, inventors, governments long since,
Languageshapers on other shores,
Nations once powerful, now reduced, withdrawn, or desolate,
I dare not proceed till I respectfully credit what you have left 
wafted hither,
I have perused it, own it is admirable, (moving awhile among it,)
Think nothing can ever be greater, nothing can ever deserve more 
than it deserves,
Regarding it all intently a long while, then dismissing it,
I stand in my place with my own day here.

Here lands female and male,
Here the heirship and heiressship of the world, here the flame of 
materials,



Here spirituality the translatress, the openlyavow'd,
The evertending, the final of visible forms,
The satisfier, after due longwaiting now advancing,
Yes here comes my mistress the soul.




The soul,
Forever and foreverlonger than soil is brown and solidlonger 
than water ebbs and flows.

I will make the poems of materials, for I think they are to be the 
most spiritual poems,
And I will make the poems of my body and of mortality,
For I think I shall then supply myself with the poems of my soul 
and of immortality.

I will make a song for these States that no one State may under 
any circumstances be subjected to another State,
And I will make a song that there shall be comity by day and by 
night between all the States, and between any two of them,
And I will make a song for the ears of the President, full of weap
ons with menacing points,
And behind the weapons countless dissatisfied faces;
And a song make I of the One form'd out of all,
The fang'd and glittering One whose head is over all,
Resolute warlike One including and over all,
(However high the head of any else that head is over all.)

I will acknowledge contemporary lands,
I will trail the whole geography of the globe and salute courte
ously every city large and small,
And employments! I will put in my poems that with you is hero
ism upon land and sea,
And I will report all heroism from an American point of view.

I will sing the song of companionship,
I will show what alone must finally compact these,
I believe these are to found their own ideal of manly love, indi
cating it in me,
I will therefore let flame from me the burning fires that were 
threatening to consume me,
I will lift what has too long kept down those smouldering fires,
I will give them complete abandonment,
I will write the evangelpoem of comrades and of love,
For who but I should understand love with all its sorrow and joy?
And who but I should be the poet of comrades?






I am the credulous man of qualities, ages, races,
I advance from the people in their own spirit,
Here is what sings unrestricted faith.

Omnes! omnes! let others ignore what they may,
I make the poem of evil also, I commemorate that part also,
I am myself just as much evil as good, and my nation isand I 
say there is in fact no evil,
(Or if there is I say it is just as important to you, to the land or 
to me, as any thing else.)

I too, following many and follow'd by many, inaugurate a religion,
I descend into the arena,
(It may be I am destin'd to utter the loudest cries there, the win
ner's pealing shouts,
Who knows? they may rise from me yet, and soar above every thing.)

Each is not for its own sake,
I say the whole earth and all the stars in the sky are for religion's 
sake.

I say no man has ever yet been half devout enough,
None has ever yet adored or worship'd half enough,
None has begun to think how divine he himself is, and how cer
tain the future is.

I say that the real and permanent grandeur of these States must 
be their religion,
Otherwise there is no real and permanent grandeur;
(Nor character nor life worthy the name without religion,
Nor land nor man or woman without religion.)




What are you doing young man?
Are you so earnest, so given up to literature, science, art, amours?
These ostensible realities, politics, points?
Your ambition or business whatever it may be?

It is wellagainst such I say not a word, I am their poet also,
But behold! such swiftly subside, burnt up for religion's sake,
For not all matter is fuel to heat, impalpable flame, the essential 
life of the earth,
Any more than such are to religion.





What do you seek so pensive and silent?
What do you need camerado?
Dear son do you think it is love?

Listen dear sonlisten America, daughter or son,
It is a painful thing to love a man or woman to excess, and yet it 
satisfies, it is great,
But there is something else very great, it makes the whole coin
cide,
It, magnificent, beyond materials, with continuous hands sweeps 
and provides for all.




Know you, solely to drop in the earth the germs of a greater 
religion,
The following chants each for its kind I sing.

My comrade!
For you to share with me two greatnesses, and a third one rising 
inclusive and more resplendent,
The greatness of Love and Democracy, and the greatness of Reli
gion.

Melange mine own, the unseen and the seen,
Mysterious ocean where the streams empty,
Prophetic spirit of materials shifting and flickering around me,
Living beings, identities now doubtless near us in the air that we 
know not of,
Contact daily and hourly that will not release me,
These selecting, these in hints demanded of me.

Not he with a daily kiss onward from childhood kissing me,
Has winded and twisted around me that which holds me to him,
Any more than I am held to the heavens and all the spiritual 
world,
After what they have done to me, suggesting themes.

O such themesequalities! O divine average!
Warblings under the sun, usher'd as now, or at noon, or set
ing,
Strains musical flowing through ages, now reaching hither,
I take to your reckless and composite chords, add to them, and 
cheerfully pass them forward.






As I have walk'd in Alabama my morning walk,
I have seen where the shebird the mockingbird sat on her nest 
in the briers hatching her brood.

I have seen the hebird also,
I have paus'd to hear him near at hand inflating his throat and 
joyfully singing.

And while I paus'd it came to me that what he really sang for was 
not there only,
Nor for his mate nor himself only, nor all sent back by the echoes,
But subtle, clandestine, away beyond,
A charge transmitted and gift occult for those being born.




Democracy! near at hand to you a throat is now inflating itself 
and joyfully singing.

Ma femme! for the brood beyond us and of us,
For those who belong here and those to come,
I exultant to be ready for them will now shake out carols stronger 
and haughtier than have ever yet been heard upon earth.

I will make the songs of passion to give them their way,
And your songs outlaw'd offenders, for I scan you with kindred 
eyes, and carry you with me the same as any.

I will make the true poem of riches,
To earn for the body and the mind whatever adheres and goes 
forward and is not dropt by death;
I will effuse egotism and show it underlying all, and I will be the 
bard of personality,
And I will show of male and female that either is but the equal 
of the other,
And sexual organs and acts! do you concentrate in me, for I am 
determin'd to tell you with courageous clear voice to prove 
you illustrious,
And I will show that there is no imperfection in the present, and 
can be none in the future,
And I will show that whatever happens to anybody it may be 
turn'd to beautiful results,
And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than 
death,



And I will thread a thread through my poems that time and events 
are compact,
And that all the things of the universe are perfect miracles, each 
as profound as any.

I will not make poems with reference to parts,
But I will make poems, songs, thoughts, with reference to ensemble,
And I will not sing with reference to a day, but with reference to 
all days,
And I will not make a poem nor the least part of a poem but has 
reference to the soul,
Because having look'd at the objects of the universe, I find there 
is no one nor any particle of one but has reference to the 
soul.




Was somebody asking to see the soul?
See, your own shape and countenance, persons, substances, beasts,
the trees, the running rivers, the rocks and sands.

All hold spiritual joys and afterwards loosen them;
How can the real body ever die and be buried?

Of your real body and any man's or woman's real body,
Item for item it will elude the hands of the corpsecleaners and 
pass to fitting spheres,
Carrying what has accrued to it from the moment of birth to the 
moment of death.

Not the types set up by the printer return their impression, the 
meaning, the main concern,
Any more than a man's substance and life or a woman's substance 
and life return in the body and the soul,
Indifferently before death and after death.

Behold, the body includes and is the meaning, the main concern,
and includes and is the soul;
Whoever you are, how superb and how divine is your body, or any 
part of it!




Whoever you are, to you endless announcements!

Daughter of the lands did you wait for your poet?
Did you wait for one with a flowing mouth and indicative hand?



Toward the male of the States, and toward the female of the States,
Exulting words, words to Democracy's lands.

Interlink'd, foodyielding lands!
Land of coal and iron! land of gold! land of cotton, sugar, rice!
Land of wheat, beef, pork! land of wool and hemp! land of the 
apple and the grape!
Land of the pastoral plains, the grassfields of the world! land of 
those sweetair'd interminable plateaus!
Land of the herd, the garden, the healthy house of adobie!
Lands where the northwest Columbia winds, and where the south
west Colorado winds!
Land of the eastern Chesapeake! land of the Delaware!
Land of Ontario, Erie, Huron, Michigan!
Land of the Old Thirteen! Massachusetts land! land of Vermont 
and Connecticut!
Land of the ocean shores! land of sierras and peaks!
Land of boatmen and sailors! fishermen's land!
Inextricable lands! the clutch'd together! the passionate ones!
The side by side! the elder and younger brothers! the bony
limb'd!
The great women's land! the feminine! the experienced sisters 
and the inexperienced sisters!
Far breath'd land! Arctic braced! Mexican breez'd! the diverse!
the compact!
The Pennsylvanian! the Virginian! the double Carolinian!
O all and each wellloved by me! my intrepid nations! O I at 
any rate include you all with perfect love!
I cannot be discharged from you! not from one any sooner than 
another!
O death! O for all that, I am yet of you unseen this hour with 
irrepressible love,
Walking New England, a friend, a traveler,
Splashing my bare feet in the edge of the summer ripples on Pau
manok's sands,
Crossing the prairies, dwelling again in Chicago, dwelling in every 
town,
Observing shows, births, improvements, structures, arts,
Listening to orators and oratresses in public halls,
Of and through the States as during life, each man and woman 
my neighbor,
The Louisianian, the Georgian, as near to me, and I as near to 
him and her,
The Mississippian and Arkansian yet with me, and I yet with any 
of them,



Yet upon the plains west of the spinal river, yet in my house of 
adobie,
Yet returning eastward, yet in the Seaside State or in Maryland,
Yet Kanadian cheerily braving the winter, the snow and ice wel
come to me,
Yet a true son either of Maine or of the Granite State, or the 
Narragansett Bay State, or the Empire State,
Yet sailing to other shores to annex the same, yet welcoming every 
new brother,
Hereby applying these leaves to the new ones from the hour they 
unite with the old ones,
Coming among the new ones myself to be their companion and 
equal, coming personally to you now,
Enjoining you to acts, characters, spectacles, with me.




With me with firm holding, yet haste, haste on.

For your life adhere to me,
(I may have to be persuaded many times before I consent to give 
myself really to you, but what of that?
Must not Nature be persuaded many times?)

No dainty dolce affettuoso I,
Bearded, sunburnt, grayneck'd, forbidding, I have arrived,
To be wrestled with as I pass for the solid prizes of the universe,
For such I afford whoever can persevere to win them.




On my way a moment I pause,
Here for you! and here for America!
Still the present I raise aloft, still the future of the States I 
harbinge glad and sublime,
And for the past I pronounce what the air holds of the red 
aborigines.

The red aborigines,
Leaving natural breaths, sounds of rain and winds, calls as of birds 
and animals in the woods, syllabled to us for names,
Okonee, Koosa, Ottawa, Monongahela, Sauk, Natchez, Chatta
hoochee, Kaqueta, Oronoco,
Wabash, Miami, Saginaw, Chippewa, Oshkosh, WallaWalla,
Leaving such to the States they melt, they depart, charging the 
water and the land with names.







Expanding and swift, henceforth,
Elements, breeds, adjustments, turbulent, quick and audacious,
A world primal again, vistas of glory incessant and branching,
A new race dominating previous ones and grander far, with new 
contests,
New politics, new literatures and religions, new inventions and arts.

These, my voice announcingI will sleep no more but arise,
You oceans that have been calm within me! how I feel you, fathom
less, stirring, preparing unprecedented waves and storms.




See, steamers steaming through my poems,
See, in my poems immigrants continually coming and landing,
See, in arriere, the wigwam, the trail, the hunter's hut, the flatboat,
the maizeleaf, the claim, the rude fence, and the backwoods 
village,
See, on the one side the Western Sea and on the other the Eastern 
Sea, how they advance and retreat upon my poems as upon 
their own shores,
See, pastures and forests in my poemssee, animals wild and 
tamesee, beyond the Kaw, countless herds of buffalo 
feeding on short curly grass,
See, in my poems, cities, solid, vast, inland, with paved streets,
with iron and stone edifices, ceaseless vehicles, and com
merce,
See, the manycylinder'd steam printingpresssee, the electric 
telegraph stretching across the continent,
See, through Atlantica's depths pulses American Europe reaching,
pulses of Europe duly return'd,
See, the strong and quick locomotive as it departs, panting, blowing 
the steamwhistle,
See, ploughmen ploughing farmssee, miners digging mines
see, the numberless factories,
See, mechanics busy at their benches with toolssee from among 
them superior judges, philosophs, Presidents, emerge, drest 
in working dresses,
See, lounging through the shops and fields of the States, me well
belov'd, closeheld by day and night,
Hear the loud echoes of my songs thereread the hints come at 
last.




O camerado close! O you and me at last, and us two only.







O a word to clear one's path ahead endlessly!
O something ecstatic and undemonstrable! O music wild!
O now I triumphand you shall also;
O hand in handO wholesome pleasureO one more desirer 
and lover!
O to haste firm holdingto haste, haste on with me.



SONG OF MYSELF.



I CELEBRATE myself, and sing myself,
And what I assume you shall assume,
For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.

I loafe and invite my soul,
I lean and loafe at my ease observing a spear of summer grass.

My tongue, every atom of my blood, form'd from this soil, this 
air,
Born here of parents born here from parents the same, and their 
parents the same,
I, now thirtyseven years old in perfect health begin,
Hoping to cease not till death.

Creeds and schools in abeyance,
Retiring back a while sufficed at what they are, but never forgotten,
I harbor for good or bad, I permit to speak at every hazard,
Nature without check with original energy.




Houses and rooms are full of perfumes, the shelves are crowded 
with perfumes,
I breathe the fragrance myself and know it and like it,
The distillation would intoxicate me also, but I shall not let it.

The atmosphere is not a perfume, it has no taste of the distillation,
it is odorless,
It is for my mouth forever, I am in love with it,
I will go to the bank by the wood and become undisguised and 
naked,
I am mad for it to be in contact with me.




The smoke of my own breath,
Echoes, ripples, buzz'd whispers, loveroot, silkthread, crotch and 
vine,
My respiration and inspiration, the beating of my heart, the pass
ing of blood and air through my lungs,
The sniff of green leaves and dry leaves, and of the shore and 
darkcolor'd searocks, and of hay in the barn,
The sound of the belch'd words of my voice loos'd to the eddies 
of the wind,
A few light kisses, a few embraces, a reaching around of arms,
The play of shine and shade on the trees as the supple boughs 
wag,
The delight alone or in the rush of the streets, or along the fields 
and hillsides,
The feeling of health, the fullnoon trill, the song of me rising from 
bed and meeting the sun.

Have you reckon'd a thousand acres much? have you reckon'd 
the earth much?
Have you practis'd so long to learn to read?
Have you felt so proud to get at the meaning of poems?

Stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin 
of all poems,
You shall possess the good of the earth and sun, (there are millions 
of suns left,)
You shall no longer take things at second or third hand, nor look 
through the eyes of the dead, nor feed on the spectres in 
books,
You shall not look through my eyes either, nor take things from me,
You shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self.




I have heard what the talkers were talking, the talk of the begin
ning and the end,
But I do not talk of the beginning or the end.

There was never any more inception than there is now,
Nor any more youth or age than there is now,
And will never be any more perfection than there is now,
Nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.

Urge and urge and urge,
Always the procreant urge of the world.





Out of the dimness opposite equals advance, always substance and 
increase, always sex,
Always a knit of identity, always distinction, always a breed of life.

To elaborate is no avail, learn'd and unlearn'd feel that it is so.

Sure as the most certain sure, plumb in the uprights, well entretied,
braced in the beams,
Stout as a horse, affectionate, haughty, electrical,
I and this mystery here we stand.

Clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not 
my soul.

Lack one lacks both, and the unseen is proved by the seen,
Till that becomes unseen and receives proof in its turn.

Showing the best and dividing it from the worst age vexes age,
Knowing the perfect fitness and equanimity of things, while they 
discuss I am silent, and go bathe and admire myself.

Welcome is every organ and attribute of me, and of any man 
hearty and clean,
Not an inch nor a particle of an inch is vile, and none shall be 
less familiar than the rest.

I am satisfiedI see, dance, laugh, sing;
As the hugging and loving bedfellow sleeps at my side through 
the night, and withdraws at the peep of the day with 
stealthy tread,
Leaving me baskets cover'd with white towels swelling the house 
with their plenty,
Shall I postpone my acceptation and realization and scream at my 
eyes,
That they turn from gazing after and down the road,
And forthwith cipher and show me to a cent,
Exactly the value of one and exactly the value of two, and which 
is ahead?




Trippers and askers surround me,
People I meet, the effect upon me of my early life or the ward 
and city I live in, or the nation,
The latest dates, discoveries, inventions, societies, authors old and 
new,



My dinner, dress, associates, looks, compliments, dues,
The real or fancied indifference of some man or woman I love,
The sickness of one of my folks or of myself, or illdoing or loss or 
lack of money, or depressions or exaltations,
Battles, the horrors of fratricidal war, the fever of doubtful news,
the fitful events;
These come to me days and nights and go from me again,
But they are not the Me myself.

Apart from the pulling and hauling stands what I am,
Stands amused, complacent, compassionating, idle, unitary,
Looks down, is erect, or bends an arm on an impalpable certain 
rest,
Looking with sidecurved head curious what will come next,
Both in and out of the game and watching and wondering at it.

Backward I see in my own days where I sweated through fog with 
linguists and contenders,
I have no mockings or arguments, I witness and wait.




I believe in you my soul, the other I am must not abase itself to you,
And you must not be abased to the other.

Loafe with me on the grass, loose the stop from your throat,
Not words, not music or rhyme I want, not custom or lecture, not 
even the best,
Only the lull I like, the hum of your valvd voice.

I mind how once we lay such a transparent summer morning,
How you settled your head athwart my hips and gently turn'd over 
upon me,
And parted the shirt from my bosombone, and plunged your 
tongue to my barestript heart,
And reach'd till you felt my beard, and reach'd till you held my 
feet.

Swiftly arose and spread around me the peace and knowledge that 
pass all the argument of the earth,
And I know that the hand of God is the promise of my own,
And I know that the spirit of God is the brother of my own,
And that all the men ever born are also my brothers, and the 
women my sisters and lovers,
And that a kelson of the creation is love,
And limitless are leaves stiff or drooping in the fields,




And brown ants in the little wells beneath them,
And mossy scabs of the worm fence, heap'd stones, elder, mullein 
and pokeweed.




A child said What is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands;
How could I answer the child? I do not know what it is any 
more than he.

I guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green 
stuff woven.

Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord,
A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt,
Bearing the owner's name someway in the corners, that we may 
see and remark, and say Whose?

Or I guess the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the 
vegetation.

Or I guess it is a uniform hieroglyphic,
And it means, Sprouting alike in broad zones and narrow zones,
Growing among black folks as among white,
Kanuck, Tuckahoe, Congressman, Cuff, I give them the same, I 
receive them the same.

And now it seems to me the beautiful uncut hair of graves.

Tenderly will I use you curling grass,
It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men,
It may be if I had known them I would have loved them,
It may be you are from old people, or from offspring taken soon 
out of their mothers' laps,
And here you are the mothers' laps.

This grass is very dark to be from the white heads of old mothers,
Darker than the colorless beards of old men,
Dark to come from under the faint red roofs of mouths.

O I perceive after all so many uttering tongues,
And I perceive they do not come from the roofs of mouths for 
nothing.

I wish I could translate the hints about the dead young men and 
women,



And the hints about old men and mothers, and the offspring taken 
soon out of their laps.

What do you think has become of the young and old men?
And what do you think has become of the women and chil
dren?

They are alive and well somewhere,
The smallest sprout shows there is really no death,
And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the 
end to arrest it,
And ceas'd the moment life appear'd.

All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses,
And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.




Has any one supposed it lucky to be born?
I hasten to inform him or her it is just as lucky to die, and I 
know it.

I pass death with the dying and birth with the newwash'd babe,
and am not contain'd between my hat and boots,
And peruse manifold objects, no two alike and every one good,
The earth good and the stars good, and their adjuncts all good.

I am not an earth nor an adjunct of an earth,
I am the mate and companion of people, all just as immortal and 
fathomless as myself,
(They do not know how immortal, but I know.)

Every kind for itself and its own, for me mine male and female,
For me those that have been boys and that love women,
For me the man that is proud and feels how it stings to be 
slighted,
For me the sweetheart and the old maid, for me mothers and the 
mothers of mothers,
For me lips that have smiled, eyes that have shed tears,
For me children and the begetters of children.

Undrape! you are not guilty to me, nor stale nor discarded,
I see through the broadcloth and gingham whether or no,
And am around, tenacious, acquisitive, tireless, and cannot be 
shaken away.




                                      





The little one sleeps in its cradle,
I lift the gauze and look a long time, and silently brush away flies 
with my hand.

The youngster and the redfaced girl turn aside up the bushy hill,
I peeringly view them from the top.

The suicide sprawls on the bloody floor of the bedroom,
I witness the corpse with its dabbled hair, I note where the pistol 
has fallen.

The blab of the pave, tires of carts, sluff of bootsoles, talk of the 
promenaders,
The heavy omnibus, the driver with his interrogating thumb, the 
clank of the shod horses on the granite floor,
The snowsleighs, clinking, shouted jokes, pelts of snowballs,
The hurrahs for popular favorites, the fury of rous'd mobs,
The flap of the curtain'd litter, a sick man inside borne to the 
hospital,
The meeting of enemies, the sudden oath, the blows and fall,
The excited crowd, the policeman with his star quickly working 
his passage to the centre of the crowd,
The impassive stones that receive and return so many echoes,
What groans of overfed or halfstarv'd who fall sunstruck or in 
fits,
What exclamations of women taken suddenly who hurry home and 
give birth to babes,
What living and buried speech is always vibrating here, what howls 
restrain'd by decorum,
Arrests of criminals, slights, adulterous offers made, acceptances,
rejections with convex lips,
I mind them or the show or resonance of themI come and I 
depart.




The big doors of the country barn stand open and ready,
The dried grass of the harvesttime loads the slowdrawn wagon,
The clear light plays on the brown gray and green intertinged,
The armfuls are pack'd to the sagging mow.

I am there, I help, I came stretch'd atop of the load,
I felt its soft jolts, one leg reclined on the other,
I jump from the crossbeams and seize the clover and timothy,
And roll head over heels and tangle my hair full of wisps.




                                      





Alone far in the wilds and mountains I hunt,
Wandering amazed at my own lightness and glee,
In the late afternoon choosing a safe spot to pass the night,
Kindling a fire and broiling the freshkill'd game,
Falling asleep on the gather'd leaves with my dog and gun by my 
side.

The Yankee clipper is under her skysails, she cuts the sparkle and 
scud,
My eyes settle the land, I bend at her prow or shout joyously from 
the deck.

The boatmen and clamdiggers arose early and stopt for me,
I tuck'd my trowserends in my boots and went and had a good 
time;
You should have been with us that day round the chowderkettle.

I saw the marriage of the trapper in the open air in the far west,
the bride was a red girl,
Her father and his friends sat near crosslegged and dumbly 
smoking, they had moccasins to their feet and large thick 
blankets hanging from their shoulders,
On a bank lounged the trapper, he was drest mostly in skins, his 
luxuriant beard and curls protected his neck, he held his 
bride by the hand,
She had long eyelashes, her head was bare, her coarse straight 
locks descended upon her voluptuous limbs and reach'd to 
her feet.

The runaway slave came to my house and stopt outside,
I heard his motions crackling the twigs of the woodpile,
Through the swung halfdoor of the kitchen I saw him limpsy and 
weak,
And went where he sat on a log and led him in and assured him,
And brought water and fill'd a tub for his sweated body and bruis'd 
feet,
And gave him a room that enter'd from my own, and gave him 
some coarse clean clothes,
And remember perfectly well his revolving eyes and his awkwardness,
And remember putting plasters on the galls of his neck and ankles;
He staid with me a week before he was recuperated and pass'd 
north,
I had him sit next me at table, my firelock lean'd in the corner.




                                      





Twentyeight young men bathe by the shore,
Twentyeight young men and all so friendly;
Twentyeight years of womanly life and all so lonesome.

She owns the fine house by the rise of the bank,
She hides handsome and richly drest aft the blinds of the window.

Which of the young men does she like the best?
Ah the homeliest of them is beautiful to her.

Where are you off to, lady? for I see you,
You splash in the water there, yet stay stock still in your room.

Dancing and laughing along the beach came the twentyninth bather,
The rest did not see her, but she saw them and loved them.

The beards of the young men glisten'd with wet, it ran from their 
long hair,
Little streams pass'd all over their bodies.

An unseen hand also pass'd over their bodies,
It descended tremblingly from their temples and ribs.

The young men float on their backs, their white bellies bulge to 
the sun, they do not ask who seizes fast to them,
They do not know who puffs and declines with pendant and bend
ing arch,
They do not think whom they souse with spray.




The butcherboy puts off his killingclothes, or sharpens his knife 
at the stall in the market,
I loiter enjoying his repartee and his shuffle and breakdown.

Blacksmiths with grimed and hairy chests environ the anvil,
Each has his mainsledge, they are all out, there is a great heat in 
the fire.

From the cinderstrew'd threshold I follow their movements,
The lithe sheer of their waists plays even with their massive arms,
Overhand the hammers swing, overhand so slow, overhand so 
sure,
They do not hasten, each man hits in his place.




                                      





The negro holds firmly the reins of his four horses, the block swags 
underneath on its tiedover chain,
The negro that drives the long dray of the stoneyard, steady and 
tall he stands pois'd on one leg on the stringpiece,
His blue shirt exposes his ample neck and breast and loosens over 
his hipband,
His glance is calm and commanding, he tosses the slouch of his 
hat away from his forehead,
The sun falls on his crispy hair and mustache, falls on the black 
of his polish'd and perfect limbs.

I behold the picturesque giant and love him, and I do not stop 
there,
I go with the team also.

In me the caresser of life wherever moving, backward as well as 
forward sluing,
To niches aside and junior bending, not a person or object miss
ing,
Absorbing all to myself and for this song.

Oxen that rattle the yoke and chain or halt in the leafy shade,
what is that you express in your eyes?
It seems to me more than all the print I have read in my life.

My tread scares the wooddrake and woodduck on my distant and 
daylong ramble,
They rise together, they slowly circle around.

I believe in those wing'd purposes,
And acknowledge red, yellow, white, playing within me,
And consider green and violet and the tufted crown intentional,
And do not call the tortoise unworthy because she is not something 
else,
And the jay in the woods never studied the gamut, yet trills pretty 
well to me,
And the look of the bay mare shames silliness out of me.




The wild gander leads his flock through the cool night,
Yahonk he says, and sounds it down to me like an invitation,
The pert may suppose it meaningless, but I listening close,
Find its purpose and place up there toward the wintry sky.



                                      



The sharphoof'd moose of the north, the cat on the housesill,
the chickadee, the prairiedog,
The litter of the grunting sow as they tug at her teats,
The brood of the turkeyhen and she with her halfspread wings,
I see in them and myself the same old law.

The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections,
They scorn the best I can do to relate them.

I am enamour'd of growing outdoors,
Of men that live among cattle or taste of the ocean or woods,
Of the builders and steerers of ships and the wielders of axes and 
mauls, and the drivers of horses,
I can eat and sleep with them week in and week out.

What is commonest, cheapest, nearest, easiest, is Me,
Me going in for my chances, spending for vast returns,
Adorning myself to bestow myself on the first that will take me,
Not asking the sky to come down to my good will,
Scattering it freely forever.




The pure contralto sings in the organ loft,
The carpenter dresses his plank, the tongue of his foreplane whistles 
its wild ascending lisp,
The married and unmarried children ride home to their Thanks
giving dinner,
The pilot seizes the kingpin, he heaves down with a strong arm,
The mate stands braced in the whaleboat, lance and harpoon are 
ready,
The duckshooter walks by silent and cautious stretches,
The deacons are ordain'd with cross'd hands at the altar,
The spinninggirl retreats and advances to the hum of the big 
wheel,
The farmer stops by the bars as he walks on a Firstday loafe and 
looks at the oats and rye,
The lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirm'd case,
(He will never sleep any more as he did in the cot in his mother's 
bedroom;)
The jour printer with gray head and gaunt jaws works at his case,
He turns his quid of tobacco while his eyes blurr with the manu
script;
The malform'd limbs are tied to the surgeon's table,
What is removed drops horribly in a pail;


                                      



The quadroon girl is sold at the auctionstand, the drunkard nods 
by the barroom stove,
The machinist rolls up his sleeves, the policeman travels his beat,
the gatekeeper marks who pass,
The young fellow drives the expresswagon, (I love him, though 
I do not know him;)
The halfbreed straps on his light boots to compete in the race,
The western turkeyshooting draws old and young, some lean on 
their rifles, some sit on logs,
Out from the crowd steps the marksman, takes his position, levels 
his piece;
The groups of newlycome immigrants cover the wharf or levee,
As the woollypates hoe in the sugarfield, the overseer views them 
from his saddle,
The bugle calls in the ballroom, the gentlemen run for their part
ners, the dancers bow to each other,
The youth lies awake in the cedarroof'd garret and harks to the 
musical rain,
The Wolverine sets traps on the creek that helps fill the Huron,
The squaw wrapt in her yellowhemm'd cloth is offering moccasins 
and beadbags for sale,
The connoisseur peers along the exhibitiongallery with halfshut 
eyes bent sideways,
As the deckhands make fast the steamboat the plank is thrown for 
the shoregoing passengers,
The young sister holds out the skein while the elder sister winds it 
off in a ball, and stops now and then for the knots,
The oneyear wife is recovering and happy having a week ago 
borne her first child,
The cleanhair'd Yankee girl works with her sewingmachine or in 
the factory or mill,
The pavingman leans on his twohanded rammer, the reporter's 
lead flies swiftly over the notebook, the signpainter is 
lettering with blue and gold,
The canal boy trots on the towpath, the bookkeeper counts at 
his desk, the shoemaker waxes his thread,
The conductor beats time for the band and all the performers 
follow him,
The child is baptized, the convert is making his first professions,
The regatta is spread on the bay, the race is begun, (how the 
white sails sparkle!)
The drover watching his drove sings out to them that would 
stray,
The pedler sweats with his pack on his back, (the purchaser hig
gling about the odd cent;)


                                      



The bride unrumples her white dress, the minutehand of the clock 
moves slowly,
The opiumeater reclines with rigid head and justopen'd lips,
The prostitute draggles her shawl, her bonnet bobs on her tipsy 
and pimpled neck,
The crowd laugh at her blackguard oaths, the men jeer and wink 
to each other,
(Miserable! I do not laugh at your oaths nor jeer you;)
The President holding a cabinet council is surrounded by the great 
Secretaries,
On the piazza walk three matrons stately and friendly with twined 
arms,
The crew of the fishsmack pack repeated layers of halibut in the 
hold,
The Missourian crosses the plains toting his wares and his cattle,
As the farecollector goes through the train he gives notice by the 
jingling of loose change,
The floormen are laying the floor, the tinners are tinning the roof,
the masons are calling for mortar,
In single file each shouldering his hod pass onward the laborers;
Seasons pursuing each other the indescribable crowd is gather'd,
it is the fourth of Seventhmonth, (what salutes of cannon 
and small arms!)
Seasons pursuing each other the plougher ploughs, the mower 
mows, and the wintergrain falls in the ground;
Off on the lakes the pikefisher watches and waits by the hole in 
the frozen surface,
The stumps stand thick round the clearing, the squatter strikes 
deep with his axe,
Flatboatmen make fast towards dusk near the cottonwood or 
pecantrees,
Coonseekers go through the regions of the Red river or through 
those drain'd by the Tennessee, or through those of the 
Arkansas,
Torches shine in the dark that hangs on the Chattahooche or 
Altamahaw,
Patriarchs sit at supper with sons and grandsons and greatgrand
sons around them,
In walls of adobie, in canvas tents, rest hunters and trappers after 
their day's sport,
The city sleeps and the country sleeps,
The living sleep for their time, the dead sleep for their time,
The old husband sleeps by his wife and the young husband sleeps 
by his wife;
And these tend inward to me, and I tend outward to them,


                                      



And such as it is to be of these more or less I am,
And of these one and all I weave the song of myself.




I am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise,
Regardless of others, ever regardful of others,
Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man,
Stuff'd with the stuff that is coarse and stuff'd with the stuff that 
is fine,
One of the Nation of many nations, the smallest the same and the 
largest the same,
A Southerner soon as a Northerner, a planter nonchalant and 
hospitable down by the Oconee I live,
A Yankee bound my own way ready for trade, my joints the 
limberest joints on earth and the sternest joints on 
earth,
A Kentuckian walking the vale of the Elkhorn in my deerskin 
leggings, a Louisianian or Georgian,
A boatman over lakes or bays or along coasts, a Hoosier, Badger,
Buckeye;
At home on Kanadian snowshoes or up in the bush, or with 
fishermen off Newfoundland,
At home in the fleet of iceboats, sailing with the rest and tack
ing,
At home on the hills of Vermont or in the woods of Maine, or the 
Texan ranch,
Comrade of Californians, comrade of free NorthWesterners, (lov
ing their big proportions,)
Comrade of raftsmen and coalmen, comrade of all who shake 
hands and welcome to drink and meat,
A learner with the simplest, a teacher of the thoughtfullest,
A novice beginning yet experient of myriads of seasons,
Of every hue and caste am I, of every rank and religion,
A farmer, mechanic, artist, gentleman, sailor, quaker,
Prisoner, fancyman, rowdy, lawyer, physician, priest.

I resist any thing better than my own diversity,
Breathe the air but leave plenty after me,
And am not stuck up, and am in my place.

(The moth and the fisheggs are in their place,
The bright suns I see and the dark suns I cannot see are in their 
place,
The palpable is in its place and the impalpable is in its place.)




                                      





These are really the thoughts of all men in all ages and lands, they 
are not original with me,
If they are not yours as much as mine they are nothing, or next 
to nothing,
If they are not the riddle and the untying of the riddle they are 
nothing,
If they are not just as close as they are distant they are nothing.

This is the grass that grows wherever the land is and the water is,
This the common air that bathes the globe.




With music strong I come, with my cornets and my drums,
I play not marches for accepted victors only, I play marches for 
conquer'd and slain persons.

Have you heard that it was good to gain the day?
I also say it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit in 
which they are won.

I beat and pound for the dead,
I blow through my embouchures my loudest and gayest for them.

Vivas to those who have fail'd!
And to those whose warvessels sank in the sea!
And to those themselves who sank in the sea!
And to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes!
And the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes 
known!




This is the meal equally set, this the meat for natural hunger,
It is for the wicked just the same as the righteous, I make appoint
ments with all,
I will not have a single person slighted or left away,
The keptwoman, sponger, thief, are hereby invited,
The heavylipp'd slave is invited, the venerealee is invited;
There shall be no difference between them and the rest.

This is the press of a bashful hand, this the float and odor of hair,
This the touch of my lips to yours, this the murmur of yearning,
This the faroff depth and height reflecting my own face,
This the thoughtful merge of myself, and the outlet again.



                                      



Do you guess I have some intricate purpose?
Well I have, for the Fourthmonth showers have, and the mica on 
the side of a rock has.

Do you take it I would astonish?
Does the daylight astonish? does the early redstart twittering 
through the woods?
Do I astonish more than they?

This hour I tell things in confidence,
I might not tell everybody, but I will tell you.




Who goes there? hankering, gross, mystical, nude;
How is it I extract strength from the beef I eat?

What is a man anyhow? what am I? what are you?

All I mark as my own you shall offset it with your own,
Else it were time lost listening to me.

I do not snivel that snivel the world over,
That months are vacuums and the ground but wallow and filth.

Whimpering and truckling fold with powders for invalids, con
formity goes to the fourthremov'd,
I wear my hat as I please indoors or out.

Why should I pray? why should I venerate and be ceremonious?

Having pried through the strata, analyzed to a hair, counsel'd with 
doctors and calculated close,
I find no sweeter fat than sticks to my own bones.

In all people I see myself, none more and not one a barleycorn 
less,
And the good or bad I say of myself I say of them.

I know I am solid and sound,
To me the converging objects of the universe perpetually flow,
All are written to me, and I must get what the writing means.

I know I am deathless,
I know this orbit of mine cannot be swept by a carpenter's 
compass,


                                      



I know I shall not pass like a child's carlacue cut with a burnt 
stick at night.

I know I am august,
I do not trouble my spirit to vindicate itself or be understood,
I see that the elementary laws never apologize,
(I reckon I behave no prouder than the level I plant my house by,
after all.)

I exist as I am, that is enough,
If no other in the world be aware I sit content,
And if each and all be aware I sit content.

One world is aware and by far the largest to me, and that is my
self,
And whether I come to my own today or in ten thousand or ten 
million years,
I can cheerfully take it now, or with equal cheerfulness I can wait.

My foothold is tenon'd and mortis'd in granite,
I laugh at what you call dissolution,
And I know the amplitude of time.




I am the poet of the Body and I am the poet of the Soul,
The pleasures of heaven are with me and the pains of hell are 
with me,
The first I graft and increase upon myself, the latter I translate 
into a new tongue.

I am the poet of the woman the same as the man,
And I say it is as great to be a woman as to be a man,
And I say there is nothing greater than the mother of men.

I chant the chant of dilation or pride,
We have had ducking and deprecating about enough,
I show that size is only development.

Have you outstript the rest? are you the President?
It is a trifle, they will more than arrive there every one, and still 
pass on.

I am he that walks with the tender and growing night,
I call to the earth and sea halfheld by the night.



                                      



Press close barebosom'd nightpress close magnetic nourishing 
night!
Night of south windsnight of the large few stars!
Still nodding nightmad naked summer night.

Smile O voluptuous coolbreath'd earth!
Earth of the slumbering and liquid trees!
Earth of departed sunsetearth of the mountains mistytopt!
Earth of the vitreous pour of the full moon just tinged with blue!
Earth of shine and dark mottling the tide of the river!
Earth of the limpid gray of clouds brighter and clearer for my 
sake!
Farswooping elbow'd earthrich appleblossom'd earth!
Smile, for your lover comes.

Prodigal, you have given me lovetherefore I to you give love!
O unspeakable passionate love.




You sea! I resign myself to you alsoI guess what you mean,
I behold from the beach your crooked inviting fingers,
I believe you refuse to go back without feeling of me,
We must have a turn together, I undress, hurry me out of sight of 
the land,
Cushion me soft, rock me in billowy drowse,
Dash me with amorous wet, I can repay you.

Sea of stretch'd groundswells,
Sea breathing broad and convulsive breaths,
Sea of the brine of life and of unshovell'd yet alwaysready graves,
Howler and scooper of storms, capricious and dainty sea,
I am integral with you, I too am of one phase and of all phases.

Partaker of influx and efflux I, extoller of hate and conciliation,
Extoller of amies and those that sleep in each others' arms.

I am he attesting sympathy,
(Shall I make my list of things in the house and skip the house 
that supports them?)

I am not the poet of goodness only, I do not decline to be the 
poet of wickedness also.

What blurt is this about virtue and about vice?
Evil propels me and reform of evil propels me, I stand indifferent,


                                      



My gait is no faultfinder's or rejecter's gait,
I moisten the roots of all that has grown.

Did you fear some scrofula out of the unflagging pregnancy?
Did you guess the celestial laws are yet to be work'd over and 
rectified?

I find one side a balance and the antipodal side a balance,
Soft doctrine as steady help as stable doctrine,
Thoughts and deeds of the present our rouse and early start.

This minute that comes to me over the past decillions,
There is no better than it and now.

What behaved well in the past or behaves well today is not such a 
wonder,
The wonder is always and always how there can be a mean man 
or an infidel.




Endless unfolding of words of ages!
And mine a word of the modern, the word EnMasse.

A word of the faith that never balks,
Here or henceforward it is all the same to me, I accept Time abso
lutely.

It alone is without flaw, it alone rounds and completes all,
That mystic baffling wonder alone completes all.

I accept Reality and dare not question it,
Materialism first and last imbuing.

Hurrah for positive science! long live exact demonstration!
Fetch stonecrop mixt with cedar and branches of lilac,
This is the lexicographer, this the chemist, this made a grammar 
of the old cartouches,
These mariners put the ship through dangerous unknown seas.
This is the geologist, this works with the scalpel, and this is a 
mathematician.

Gentlemen, to you the first honors always!
Your facts are useful, and yet they are not my dwelling,
I but enter by them to an area of my dwelling.



                                      



Less the reminders of properties told my words,
And more the reminders they of life untold, and of freedom and 
extrication,
And make short account of neuters and geldings, and favor men 
and women fully equipt,
And beat the gong of revolt, and stop with fugitives and them that 
plot and conspire.




Walt Whitman, a kosmos, of Manhattan the son,
Turbulent, fleshy, sensual, eating, drinking and breeding,
No sentimentalist, no stander above men and women or apart from 
them,
No more modest than immodest.

Unscrew the locks from the doors!
Unscrew the doors themselves from their jambs!

Whoever degrades another degrades me,
And whatever is done or said returns at last to me.

Through me the afflatus surging and surging, through me the cur
rent and index.

I speak the password primeval, I give the sign of democracy,
By God! I will accept nothing which all cannot have their coun
terpart of on the same terms.

Through me many long dumb voices,
Voices of the interminable generations of prisoners and slaves,
Voices of the diseas'd and despairing and of thieves and dwarfs,
Voices of cycles of preparation and accretion,
And of the threads that connect the stars, and of wombs and of 
the fatherstuff,
And of the rights of them the others are down upon,
Of the deform'd, trivial, flat, foolish, despised,
Fog in the air, beetles rolling balls of dung.

Through me forbidden voices,
Voices of sexes and lusts, voices veil'd and I remove the veil,
Voices indecent by me clarified and transfigur'd.

I do not press my fingers across my mouth,
I keep as delicate around the bowels as around the head and heart,
Copulation is no more rank to me than death is.



                                      



I believe in the flesh and the appetites,
Seeing, hearing, feeling, are miracles, and each part and tag of me 
is a miracle.

Divine am I inside and out, and I make holy whatever I touch or 
am touch'd from,
The scent of these armpits aroma finer than prayer,
This head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.

If I worship one thing more than another it shall be the spread of 
my own body, or any part of it,
Translucent mould of me it shall be you!
Shaded ledges and rests it shall be you!
Firm masculine colter it shall be you!
Whatever goes to the tilth of me it shall be you!
You my rich blood! your milky stream pale strippings of my life!
Breast that presses against other breasts it shall be you!
My brain it shall be your occult convolutions!
Root of wash'd sweetflag! timorous pondsnipe! nest of guarded 
duplicate eggs! it shall be you!
Mix'd tussled hay of head, beard, brawn, it shall be you!
Trickling sap of maple, fibre of manly wheat, it shall be you!
Sun so generous it shall be you!
Vapors lighting and shading my face it shall be you!
You sweaty brooks and dews it shall be you!
Winds whose softtickling genitals rub against me it shall be you!
Broad muscular fields, branches of live oak, loving lounger in my 
winding paths, it shall be you!
Hands I have taken, face I have kiss'd, mortal I have ever 
touch'd, it shall be you.

I dote on myself, there is that lot of me and all so luscious,
Each moment and whatever happens thrills me with joy,
I cannot tell how my ankles bend, nor whence the cause of my 
faintest wish,
Nor the cause of the friendship I emit, nor the cause of the friend
ship I take again.

That I walk up my stoop, I pause to consider if it really be,
A morningglory at my window satisfies me more than the meta
physics of books.

To behold the daybreak!
The little light fades the immense and diaphanous shadows,
The air tastes good to my palate.



                                      



Hefts of the moving world at innocent gambols silently rising 
freshly exuding,
Scooting obliquely high and low.

Something I cannot see puts upward libidinous prongs,
Seas of bright juice suffuse heaven.

The earth by the sky staid with, the daily close of their junction,
The heav'd challenge from the east that moment over my head,
The mocking taunt. See then whether you shall be master!




Dazzling and tremendous how quick the sunrise would kill me,
If I could not now and always send sunrise out of me.

We also ascend dazzling and tremendous as the sun,
We found our own O my soul in the calm and cool of the day
break.

My voice goes after what my eyes cannot reach,
With the twirl of my tongue I encompass worlds and volumes of 
worlds.

Speech is the twin of my vision, it is unequal to measure itself,
It provokes me forever, it says sarcastically,
Walt you contain enough, why don't you let it out then?

Come now I will not be tantalized, you conceive too much of 
articulation,
Do you not know O speech how the buds beneath you are folded?
Waiting in gloom, protected by frost,
The dirt receding before my prophetical screams,
I underlying causes to balance them at last,
My knowledge my live parts, it keeping tally with the meaning of 
all things,
Happiness, (which whoever hears me let him or her set out in 
search of this day.)

My final merit I refuse you, I refuse putting from me what I really 
am,
Encompass worlds, but never try to encompass me,
I crowd your sleekest and best by simply looking toward you.

Writing and talk do not prove me,
I carry the plenum of proof and every thing else in my face,
With the hush of my lips I wholly confound the skeptic.




                                      





Now I will do nothing but listen,
To accrue what I hear into this song, to let sounds contribute 
toward it.

I hear bravuras of birds, bustle of growing wheat, gossip of flames,
clack of sticks cooking my meals,
I hear the sound I love, the sound of the human voice,
I hear all sounds running together, combined, fused or following,
Sounds of the city and sounds out of the city, sounds of the day 
and night,
Talkative young ones to those that like them, the loud laugh of 
workpeople at their meals,
The angry base of disjointed friendship, the faint tones of the sick,
The judge with hands tight to the desk, his pallid lips pronoun
cing a deathsentence,
The heave'e'yo of stevedores unlading ships by the wharves, the 
refrain of the anchorlifters,
The ring of alarmbells, the cry of fire, the whirr of swiftstreak
ing engines and hosecarts with premonitory tinkles and 
color'd lights,
The steamwhistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars,
The slow march play'd at the head of the association marching 
two and two,
(They go to guard some corpse, the flagtops are draped with 
black muslin.)

I hear the violoncello, ('tis the young man's heart's complaint,)
I hear the key'd cornet, it glides quickly in through my ears,
It shakes madsweet pangs through my belly and breast.

I hear the chorus, it is a grand opera,
Ah this indeed is musicthis suits me.

A tenor large and fresh as the creation fills me,
The orbic flex of his mouth is pouring and filling me full.

I hear the train'd soprano (what work with hers is this?)
The orchestra whirls me wider than Uranus flies,
It wrenches such ardors from me I did not know I possess'd 
them,
It sails me, I dab with bare feet, they are lick'd by the indolent 
waves,
I am cut by bitter and angry hail, I lose my breath,


                                      



Steep'd amid honey'd morphine, my windpipe throttled in fakes 
of death,
At length let up again to feel the puzzle of puzzles,
And that we call Being.




To be in any form, what is that?
(Round and round we go, all of us, and ever come back thither,)
If nothing lay more develop'd the quahaug in its callous shell were 
enough.

Mine is no callous shell,
I have instant conductors all over me whether I pass or stop,
They seize every object and lead it harmlessly through me.

I merely stir, press, feel with my fingers, and am happy,
To touch my person to some one else's is about as much as I can 
stand.




Is this then a touch? quivering me to a new identity,
Flames and ether making a rush for my veins,
Treacherous tip of me reaching and crowding to help them,
My flesh and blood playing out lightning to strike what is hardly 
different from myself,
On all sides prurient provokers stiffening my limbs,
Straining the udder of my heart for its withheld drip,
Behaving licentious toward me, taking no denial,
Depriving me of my best as for a purpose,
Unbuttoning my clothes, holding me by the bare waist,
Deluding my confusion with the calm of the sunlight and pasture
fields,
Immodestly sliding the fellowsenses away,
They bribed to swap off with touch and go and graze at the edges 
of me,
No consideration, no regard for my draining strength or my anger,
Fetching the rest of the herd around to enjoy them a while,
Then all uniting to stand on a headland and worry me.

The sentries desert every other part of me,
They have left me helpless to a red marauder,
They all come to the headland to witness and assist against me.

I am given up by traitors,
I talk wildly, I have lost my wits, I and nobody else am the 
greatest traitor,


                                      



I went myself first to the headland, my own hands carried me 
there.

You villain touch! what are you doing? my breath is tight in its 
throat,
Unclench your floodgates, you are too much for me.




Blind loving wrestling touch, sheath'd hooded sharptooth'd 
touch!
Did it make you ache so, leaving me?

Parting track'd by arriving, perpetual payment of perpetual loan,
Rich showering rain, and recompense richer afterward.

Sprouts take and accumulate, stand by the curb prolific and vital,
Landscapes projected masculine, fullsized and golden.




All truths wait in all things,
They neither hasten their own delivery nor resist it,
They do not need the obstetric forceps of the surgeon,
The insignificant is as big to me as any,
(What is less or more than a touch?)

Logic and sermons never convince,
The damp of the night drives deeper into my soul.

(Only what proves itself to every man and woman is so,
Only what nobody denies is so.)

A minute and a drop of me settle my brain,
I believe the soggy clods shall become lovers and lamps,
And a compend of compends is the meat of a man or woman,
And a summit and flower there is the feeling they have for each 
other,
And they are to branch boundlessly out of that lesson until it 
becomes omnific,
And until one and all shall delight us, and we them.




I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journeywork of the stars,
And the pismire is equally perfect, and a grain of sand, and the 
egg of the wren,


                                      



And the treetoad is a chefd'oeuvre for the highest,
And the running blackberry would adorn the parlors of heaven,
And the narrowest hinge in my hand puts to scorn all machinery,
And the cow crunching with depress'd head surpasses any statue,
And a mouse is miracle enough to stagger sextillions of infidels.

I find I incorporate gneiss, coal, longthreaded moss, fruits, grains,
esculent roots,
And am stucco'd with quadrupeds and birds all over,
And have distanced what is behind me for good reasons,
But call any thing back again when I desire it.

In vain the speeding or shyness,
In vain the plutonic rocks send their old heat against my approach,
In vain the mastodon retreats beneath its own powder'd bones,
In vain objects stand leagues off and assume manifold shapes,
In vain the ocean settling in hollows and the great monsters lying 
low,
In vain the buzzard houses herself with the sky,
In vain the snake slides through the creepers and logs,
In vain the elk takes to the inner passes of the woods,
In vain the razorbill'd auk sails far north to Labrador,
I follow quickly, I ascend to the nest in the fissure of the cliff.




I think I could turn and live with animals, they are so placid and 
selfcontain'd,
I stand and look at them long and long.

They do not sweat and whine about their condition,
They do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins,
They do not make me sick discussing their duty to God,
Not one is dissatisfied, not one is demented with the mania of 
owning things,
Not one kneels to another, nor to his kind that lived thousands of 
years ago,
Not one is respectable or unhappy over the whole earth.

So they show their relations to me and I accept them,
They bring me tokens of myself, they evince them plainly in their 
possession.

I wonder where they get those tokens,
Did I pass that way huge times ago and negligently drop them?



                                      



Myself moving forward then and now and forever,
Gathering and showing more always and with velocity,
Infinite and omnigenous, and the like of these among them,
Not too exclusive toward the reachers of my remembrancers,
Picking out here one that I love, and now go with him on brotherly 
terms.

A gigantic beauty of a stallion, fresh and responsive to my caresses,
Head high in the forehead, wide between the ears,
Limbs glossy and supple, tail dusting the ground,
Eyes full of sparkling wickedness, ears finely cut, flexibly moving.

His nostrils dilate as my heels embrace him,
His wellbuilt limbs tremble with pleasure as we race around and 
return.

I but use you a minute, then I resign you, stallion,
Why do I need your paces when I myself outgallop them?
Even as I stand or sit passing faster than you.




Space and Time! now I see it is true, what I guess'd at,
What I guess'd when I loaf'd on the grass,
What I guess'd while I lay alone in my bed,
And again as I walk'd the beach under the paling stars of the 
morning.

My ties and ballasts leave me, my elbows rest in seagaps,
I skirt sierras, my palms cover continents,
I am afoot with my vision.

By the city's quadrangular housesin log huts, camping with 
lumbermen,
Along the ruts of the turnpike, along the dry gulch and rivulet bed,
Weeding my onionpatch or hoeing rows of carrots and parsnips,
crossing savannas, trailing in forests,
Prospecting, golddigging, girdling the trees of a new purchase,
Scorch'd ankledeep by the hot sand, hauling my boat down the 
shallow river,
Where the panther walks to and fro on a limb overhead, where 
the buck turns furiously at the hunter,
Where the rattlesnake suns his flabby length on a rock, where the 
otter is feeding on fish,
Where the alligator in his tough pimples sleeps by the bayou,


                                      



Where the black bear is searching for roots or honey, where the 
beaver pats the mud with his paddleshaped tail;
Over the growing sugar, over the yellowflower'd cotton plant, over 
the rice in its low moist field,
Over the sharppeak'd farm house, with its scallop'd scum and 
slender shoots from the gutters,
Over the western persimmon, over the longleav'd corn, over the 
delicate blueflower flax,
Over the white and brown buckwheat, a hummer and buzzer there 
with the rest,
Over the dusky green of the rye as it ripples and shades in the 
breeze;
Scaling mountains, pulling myself cautiously up, holding on by low 
scragged limbs,
Walking the path worn in the grass and beat through the leaves of 
the brush,
Where the quail is whistling betwixt the woods and the wheatlot,
Where the bat flies in the Seventhmonth eve, where the great gold
bug drops through the dark,
Where the brook puts out of the roots of the old tree and flows to 
the meadow,
Where cattle stand and shake away flies with the tremulous shud
dering of their hides,
Where the cheesecloth hangs in the kitchen, where andirons 
straddle the hearthslab, where cobwebs fall in festoons 
from the rafters;
Where triphammers crash, where the press is whirling its cylinders,
Wherever the human heart beats with terrible throes under its 
ribs,
Where the pearshaped balloon is floating aloft, (floating in it my
self and looking composedly down,)
Where the lifecar is drawn on the slipnoose, where the heat 
hatches palegreen eggs in the dented sand,
Where the shewhale swims with her calf and never forsakes it,
Where the steamship trails hindways its long pennant of smoke,
Where the fin of the shark cuts like a black chip out of the water,
Where the halfburn'd brig is riding on unknown currents,
Where shells grow to her slimy deck, where the dead are corrupt
ing below;
Where the densestarr'd flag is borne at the head of the regiments,
Approaching Manhattan up by the longstretching island,
Under Niagara, the cataract falling like a veil over my countenance,
Upon a doorstep, upon the horseblock of hard wood outside,
Upon the racecourse, or enjoying picnics or jigs or a good game 
of baseball,


                                      



At hefestivals, with blackguard gibes, ironical license, bulldances,
drinking, laughter,
At the cidermill tasting the sweets of the brown mash, sucking 
the juice through a straw,
At applepeelings wanting kisses for all the red fruit I find,
At musters, beachparties, friendly bees, huskings, houseraisings;
Where the mockingbird sounds his delicious gurgles, cackles,
screams, weeps,
Where the hayrick stands in the barnyard, where the drystalks 
are scatter'd, where the broodcow waits in the hovel,
Where the bull advances to do his masculine work, where the stud 
to the mare, where the cock is treading the hen,
Where the heifers browse, where geese nip their food with short 
jerks,
Where sundown shadows lengthen over the limitless and lonesome 
prairie,
Where herds of buffalo make a crawling spread of the square 
miles far and near,
Where the hummingbird shimmers, where the neck of the long
lived swan is curving and winding,
Where the laughinggull scoots by the shore, where she laughs her 
nearhuman laugh,
Where beehives range on a gray bench in the garden half hid by 
the high weeds,
Where bandneck'd partridges roost in a ring on the ground with 
their heads out,
Where burial coaches enter the arch'd gates of a cemetery,
Where winter wolves bark amid wastes of snow and icicled trees,
Where the yellowcrown'd heron comes to the edge of the marsh 
at night and feeds upon small crabs,
Where the splash of swimmers and divers cools the warm noon,
Where the katydid works her chromatic reed on the walnuttree 
over the well,
Through patches of citrons and cucumbers with silverwired leaves,
Through the saltlick or orange glade, or under conical firs,
Through the gymnasium, through the curtain'd saloon, through the 
office or public hall;
Pleas'd with the native and pleas'd with the foreign, pleas'd with 
the new and old,
Pleas'd with the homely woman as well as the handsome,
Pleas'd with the quakeress as she puts off her bonnet and talks 
melodiously,
Pleas'd with the tune of the choir of the whitewash'd church,
Pleas'd with the earnest words of the sweating Methodist preach
er, impress'd seriously at the campmeeting;


                                      



Looking in at the shopwindows of Broadway the whole forenoon,
flatting the flesh of my nose on the thick plate glass,
Wandering the same afternoon with my face turn'd up to the 
clouds, or down a lane or along the beach,
My right and left arms round the sides of two friends, and I in the 
middle;
Coming home with the silent and darkcheek'd bushboy, (behind 
me he rides at the drape of the day,)
Far from the settlements studying the print of animals' feet, or 
the moccasin print,
By the cot in the hospital reaching lemonade to a feverish patient,
Nigh the coffin'd corpse when all is still, examining with a candle;
Voyaging to every port to dicker and adventure,
Hurrying with the modern crowd as eager and fickle as any,
Hot toward one I hate, ready in my madness to knife him,
Solitary at midnight in my back yard, my thoughts gone from me 
a long while,
Walking the old hills of Judaea with the beautiful gentle God by 
my side,
Speeding through space, speeding through heaven and the stars,
Speeding amid the seven satellites and the broad ring, and the 
diameter of eighty thousand miles,
Speeding with tail'd meteors, throwing fireballs like the rest,
Carrying the crescent child that carries its own full mother in 
its belly,
Storming, enjoying, planning, loving, cautioning,
Backing and filling, appearing and disappearing,
I tread day and night such roads.

I visit the orchards of spheres and look at the product,
And look at quintillions ripen'd and look at quintillions green.

I fly those flights of a fluid and swallowing soul,
My course runs below the soundings of plummets.

I help myself to material and immaterial,
No guard can shut me off, no law prevent me.

I anchor my ship for a little while only,
My messengers continually cruise away or bring their returns to me.

I go hunting polar furs and the seal, leaping chasms with a pike
pointed staff, clinging to topples of brittle and blue.

I ascend to the foretruck,


                                      



I take my place late at night in the crow'snest,
We sail the arctic sea, it is plenty light enough,
Through the clear atmosphere I stretch around on the wonderful 
beauty,
The enormous masses of ice pass me and I pass them, the scenery 
is plain in all directions,
The whitetopt mountains show in the distance, I fling out my 
fancies toward them,
We are approaching some great battlefield in which we are soon 
to be engaged,
We pass the colossal outposts of the encampment, we pass with 
still feet and caution,
Or we are entering by the suburbs some vast and ruin'd city,
The blocks and fallen architecture more than all the living cities 
of the globe.

I am a free companion, I bivouac by invading watchfires,
I turn the bridegroom out of bed and stay with the bride myself,
I tighten her all night to my thighs and lips.

My voice is the wife's voice, the screech by the rail of the stairs,
They fetch my man's body up dripping and drown'd.

I understand the large hearts of heroes,
The courage of present times and all times,
How the skipper saw the crowded and rudderless wreck of the 
steamship, and Death chasing it up and down the storm,
How he knuckled tight and gave not back an inch, and was faith 
ful of days and faithful of nights,
And chalk'd in large letters on a board, Be of good cheer, we will 
not desert you;
How he follow'd with them and tack'd with them three days and 
would not give it up,
How he saved the drifting company at last,
How the lank loosegown'd women look'd when boated from the 
side of their prepared graves,
How the silent oldfaced infants and the lifted sick, and the sharp
lipp'd unshaved men;
All this I swallow, it tastes good, I like it well, it becomes mine,
I am the man, I suffer'd, I was there.

The disdain and calmness of martyrs,
The mother of old, condemn'd for a witch, burnt with dry wood,
her children gazing on,
The hounded slave that flags in the race, leans by the fence, blow
ing, cover'd with sweat,


                                      



The twinges that sting like needles his legs and neck, the mur
derous buckshot and the bullets,
All these I feel or am.

I am the hounded slave, I wince at the bite of the dogs,
Hell and despair are upon me, crack and again crack the marks
men,
I clutch the rails of the fence, my gore dribs, thinn'd with the 
ooze of my skin,
I fall on the weeds and stones,
The riders spur their unwilling horses, haul close,
Taunt my dizzy ears and beat me violently over the head with 
whipstocks.

Agonies are one of my changes of garments,
I do not ask the wounded person how he feels, I myself become 
the wounded person,
My hurts turn livid upon me as I lean on a cane and observe.

I am the mash'd fireman with breastbone broken,
Tumbling walls buried me in their debris,
Heat and smoke I inspired, I heard the yelling shouts of my com
rades,
I heard the distant click of their picks and shovels,
They have clear'd the beams away, they tenderly lift me forth.

I lie in the night air in my red shirt, the pervading hush is for my 
sake,
Painless after all I lie exhausted but not so unhappy,
White and beautiful are the faces around me, the heads are bared 
of their firecaps,
The kneeling crowd fades with the light of the torches.

Distant and dead resuscitate,
They show as the dial or move as the hands of me, I am the clock 
myself.

I am an old artillerist, I tell of my fort's bombardment,
I am there again.

Again the long roll of the drummers,
Again the attacking cannon, mortars,
Again to my listening ears the cannon responsive.

I take part, I see and hear the whole,


                                      



The cries, curses, roar, the plaudits for wellaim'd shots,
The ambulanza slowly passing trailing its red drip,
Workmen searching after damages, making indispensable repairs,
The fall of grenades through the rent roof, the fanshaped explo
sion,
The whizz of limbs, heads, stone, wood, iron, high in the air.

Again gurgles the mouth of my dying general, he furiously waves 
with his hand,
He gasps through the clot Mind not memindthe entrench 
ments.




Now I tell what I knew in Texas in my early youth,
(I tell not the fall of Alamo,
Not one escaped to tell the fall of Alamo,
The hundred and fifty are dumb yet at Alamo,)
'Tis the tale of the murder in cold blood of four hundred and 
twelve young men.

Retreating they had form'd in a hollow square with their baggage 
for breastworks,
Nine hundred lives out of the surrounding enemy's, nine times 
their number, was the price they took in advance,
Their colonel was wounded and their ammunition gone,
They treated for an honorable capitulation, receiv'd writing and 
seal, gave up their arms and march'd back prisoners of war.

They were the glory of the race of rangers,
Matchless with horse, rifle, song, supper, courtship,
Large, turbulent, generous, handsome, proud, and affectionate,
Bearded, sunburnt, drest in the free costume of hunters,
Not a single one over thirty years of age.

The second Firstday morning they were brought out in squads 
and massacred, it was beautiful early summer,
The work commenced about five o'clock and was over by eight.

None obey'd the command to kneel,
Some made a mad and helpless rush, some stood stark and 
straight,
A few fell at once, shot in the temple or heart, the living and dead 
lay together,
The maim'd and mangled dug in the dirt, the newcomers saw 
hem there,


                                      



Some halfkill'd attempted to crawl away,
These were despatch'd with bayonets or batter'd with the blunts 
of muskets,
A youth not seventeen years old seiz'd his assassin till two more 
came to release him,
The three were all torn and cover'd with the boy's blood.

At eleven o'clock began the burning of the bodies;
That is the tale of the murder of the four hundred and twelve 
young men.




Would you hear of an oldtime seafight?
Would you learn who won by the light of the moon and stars?
List to the yarn, as my grandmother's father the sailor told it to me.

Our foe was no skulk in his ship I tell you, (said he,)
His was the surly English pluck, and there is no tougher or truer,
and never was, and never will be;
Along the lower'd eve he came horribly raking us.

We closed with him, the yards entangled, the cannon touch'd,
My captain lash'd fast with his own hands.

We had receiv'd some eighteen pound shots under the water,
On our lowergundeck two large pieces had burst at the first fire,
killing all around and blowing up overhead.

Fighting at sundown, fighting at dark,
Ten o'clock at night, the full moon well up, our leaks on the gain,
and five feet of water reported,
The masteratarms loosing the prisoners confined in the afterhold 
to give them a chance for themselves.

The transit to and from the magazine is now stopt by the sentinels,
They see so many strange faces they do not know whom to trust.

Our frigate takes fire,
The other asks if we demand quarter?
If our colors are struck and the fighting done?

Now I laugh content, for I hear the voice of my little captain,
We have not struck, he composedly cries, we have just begun our 
part of the fighting.



                                      



Only three guns are in use,
One is directed by the captain himself against the enemy's main
mast,
Two well serv'd with grape and canister silence his musketry and 
clear his decks.

The tops alone second the fire of this little battery, especially the 
maintop,
They hold out bravely during the whole of the action.

Not a moment's cease,
The leaks gain fast on the pumps, the fire eats toward the powder
magazine.

One of the pumps has been shot away, it is generally thought we 
are sinking.

Serene stands the little captain,
He is not hurried, his voice is neither high nor low,
His eyes give more light to us than our battlelanterns.

Toward twelve there in the beams of the moon they surrender to 
us.




Stretch'd and still lies the midnight,
Two great hulls motionless on the breast of the darkness,
Our vessel riddled and slowly sinking, preparations to pass to the 
one we have conquer'd,
The captain on the quarterdeck coldly giving his orders through 
a countenance white as a sheet,
Near by the corpse of the child that serv'd in the cabin,
The dead face of an old salt with long white hair and carefully 
curl'd whiskers,
The flames spite of all that can be done flickering aloft and below,
The husky voices of the two or three officers yet fit for duty,
Formless stacks of bodies and bodies by themselves, dabs of flesh 
upon the masts and spars,
Cut of cordage, dangle of rigging, slight shock of the soothe of 
waves,
Black and impassive guns, litter of powderparcels, strong scent,
A few large stars overhead, silent and mournful shining,
Delicate sniffs of seabreeze, smells of sedgy grass and fields by the 
shore, deathmessages given in charge to survivors,
The hiss of the surgeon's knife, the gnawing teeth of his saw,


                                      



Wheeze, cluck, swash of falling blood, short wild scream, and long,
dull, tapering groan,
These so, these irretrievable.




You laggards there on guard! look to your arms!
In at the conquer'd doors they crowd! I am possess'd!
Embody all presences outlaw'd or suffering,
See myself in prison shaped like another man,
And feel the dull unintermitted pain.

For me the keepers of convicts shoulder their carbines and keep 
watch,
It is I let out in the morning and barr'd at night.

Not a mutineer walks handcuff'd to jail but I am handcuff'd to 
him and walk by his side,
(I am less the jolly one there, and more the silent one with sweat 
on my twitching lips.)

Not a youngster is taken for larceny but I go up too, and am tried 
and sentenced.

Not a cholera patient lies at the last gasp but I also lie at the last 
gasp,
My face is ashcolor'd, my sinews gnarl, away from me people 
retreat.

Askers embody themselves in me and I am embodied in them,
I project my hat, sit shamefaced, and beg.




Enough! enough! enough!
Somehow I have been stunn'd. Stand back!
Give me a little time beyond my cuff'd head, slumbers, dreams,
gaping,
I discover myself on the verge of a usual mistake.

That I could forget the mockers and insults!
That I could forget the trickling tears and the blows of the bludg
eons and hammers!
That I could look with a separate look on my own crucifixion and 
bloody crowning.



                                      



I remember now,
I resume the overstaid fraction,
The grave of rock multiplies what has been confided to it, or to 
any graves,
Corpses rise, gashes heal, fastenings roll from me.

I troop forth replenish'd with supreme power, one of an average 
unending procession,
Inland and seacoast we go, and pass all boundary lines,
Our swift ordinances on their way over the whole earth,
The blossoms we wear in our hats the growth of thousands of 
years.

Eleves, I salute you! come forward!
Continue your annotations, continue your questionings.




The friendly and flowing savage, who is he?
Is he waiting for civilization, or past it and mastering it?

Is he some Southwesterner rais'd outdoors? is he Kanadian?
Is he from the Mississippi country? Iowa, Oregon, California?
The mountains? prairielife, bushlife? or sailor from the sea?

Wherever he goes men and women accept and desire him,
They desire he should like them, touch them, speak to them, stay 
with them.

Behavior lawless as snowflakes, words simple as grass, uncomb'd 
head, laughter, and naivet,
Slowstepping feet, common features, common modes and ema
nations,
They descend in new forms from the tips of his fingers,
They are wafted with the odor of his body or breath, they fly out 
of the glance of his eyes.




Flaunt of the sunshine I need not your basklie over!
You light surfaces only, I force surfaces and depths also.

Earth! you seem to look for something at my hands,
Say, old topknot, what do you want?

Man or woman, I might tell how I like you, but cannot,


                                      



And might tell what it is in me and what it is in you, but cannot,
And might tell that pining I have, that pulse of my nights and 
days.

Behold, I do not give lectures or a little charity,
When I give I give myself.

You there, impotent, loose in the knees,
Open your scarf'd chops till I blow grit within you,
Spread your palms and lift the flaps of your pockets,
I am not to be denied, I compel, I have stores plenty and to spare,
And any thing I have I bestow.

I do not ask who you are, that is not important to me,
You can do nothing and be nothing but what I will infold you.

To cottonfield drudge or cleaner of privies I lean,
On his right cheek I put the family kiss,
And in my soul I swear I never will deny him.

On women fit for conception I start bigger and nimbler babes,
(This day I am jetting the stuff of far more arrogant republics.)

To any one dying, thither I speed and twist the knob of the door,
Turn the bedclothes toward the foot of the bed,
Let the physician and the priest go home.

I seize the descending man and raise him with resistless will,
O despairer, here is my neck,
By God, you shall not go down! hang your whole weight upon me.

I dilate you with tremendous breath, I buoy you up,
Every room of the house do I fill with an arm'd force,
Lovers of me, bafflers of graves.

SleepI and they keep guard all night,
Not doubt, not decease shall dare to lay finger upon you,
I have embraced you, and henceforth possess you to myself,
And when you rise in the morning you will find what I tell you is so.




I am he bringing help for the sick as they pant on their backs,
And for strong upright men I bring yet more needed help.



                                      



I heard what was said of the universe,
Heard it and heard it of several thousand years;
It is middling well as far as it goesbut is that all?

Magnifying and applying come I,
Outbidding at the start the old cautious hucksters,
Taking myself the exact dimensions of Jehovah,
Lithographing Kronos, Zeus his son, and Hercules his grandson,
Buying drafts of Osiris, Isis, Belus, Brahma, Buddha,
In my portfolio placing Manito loose, Allah on a leaf, the crucifix 
engraved,
With Odin and the hideousfaced Mexitli and every idol and image,
Taking them all for what they are worth and not a cent more,
Admitting they were alive and did the work of their days,
(They bore mites as for unfledg'd birds who have now to rise and 
fly and sing for themselves,)
Accepting the rough deific sketches to fill out better in myself,
bestowing them freely on each man and woman I see,
Discovering as much or more in a framer framing a house,
Putting higher claims for him there with his roll'dup sleeves driving 
the mallet and chisel,
Not objecting to special revelations, considering a curl of smoke 
or a hair on the back of my hand just as curious as any 
revelation,
Lads ahold of fireengines and hookandladder ropes no less to 
me than the gods of the antique wars,
Minding their voices peal through the crash of destruction,
Their brawny limbs passing safe over charr'd laths, their white 
foreheads whole and unhurt out of the flames;
By the mechanic's wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for 
every person born,
Three scythes at harvest whizzing in a row from three lusty angels 
with shirts bagg'd out at their waists,
The snagtooth'd hostler with red hair redeeming sins past and to 
come,
Selling all he possesses, traveling on foot to fee lawyers for his 
brother and sit by him while he is tried for forgery;
What was strewn in the amplest strewing the square rod about 
me, and not filling the square rod then,
The bull and the bug never worshipp'd half enough,
Dung and dirt more admirable than was dream'd,
The supernatural of no account, myself waiting my time to be one 
of the supremes,
The day getting ready for me when I shall do as much good as 
the best, and be as prodigious;


                                      



By my lifelumps! becoming already a creator,
Putting myself here and now to the ambush'd womb of the shadows.




A call in the midst of the crowd,
My own voice, orotund sweeping and final.

Come my children,
Come my boys and girls, my women, household and intimates,
Now the performer launches his nerve, he has pass'd his prelude 
on the reeds within.

Easily written loosefinger'd chordsI feel the thrum of your 
climax and close.

My head slues round on my neck,
Music rolls, but not from the organ,
Folks are around me, but they are no household of mine.

Ever the hard unsunk ground,
Ever the eaters and drinkers, ever the upward and downward sun,
ever the air and the ceaseless tides,
Ever myself and my neighbors, refreshing, wicked, real,
Ever the old inexplicable query, ever that thorn'd thumb, that 
breath of itches and thirsts,
Ever the vexer's hoot! hoot! till we find where the sly one hides 
and bring him forth,
Ever love, ever the sobbing liquid of life,
Ever the bandage under the chin, ever the trestles of death.

Here and there with dimes on the eyes walking,
To feed the greed of the belly the brains liberally spooning,
Tickets buying, taking, selling, but in to the feast never once going.
Many sweating, ploughing, thrashing, and then the chaff for pay
ment receiving,
A few idly owning, and they the wheat continually claiming.

This is the city and I am one of the citizens,
Whatever interests the rest interests me, politics, wars, markets,
newspapers, schools,
The mayor and councils, banks, tariffs, steamships, factories, stocks,
stores, real estate and personal estate.

The little plentiful manikins skipping around in collars and tail'd 
coats,


                                      



I am aware who they are, (they are positively not worms or fleas,)
I acknowledge the duplicates of myself, the weakest and shallowest 
is deathless with me,
What I do and say the same waits for them,
Every thought that flounders in me the same flounders in them.

I know perfectly well my own egotism,
Know my omnivorous lines and must not write any less,
And would fetch you whoever you are flush with myself.

Not words of routine this song of mine,
But abruptly to question, to leap beyond yet nearer bring;
This printed and bound bookbut the printer and the printing
office boy?
The welltaken photographsbut your wife or friend close and 
solid in your arms?
The black ship mail'd with iron, her mighty guns in her turrets
but the pluck of the captain and engineers?
In the houses the dishes and fare and furniturebut the host and 
hostess, and the look out of their eyes?
The sky up thereyet here or next door, or across the way?
The saints and sages in historybut you yourself?
Sermons, creeds, theologybut the fathomless human brain,
And what is reason? and what is love? and what is life?




I do not despise you priests, all time, the world over,
My faith is the greatest of faiths and the least of faiths,
Enclosing worship ancient and modern and all between ancient 
and modern,
Believing I shall come again upon the earth after five thousand 
years,
Waiting responses from oracles, honoring the gods, saluting the 
sun,
Making a fetich of the first rock or stump, powowing with sticks in 
the circle of obis,
Helping the llama or brahmin as he trims the lamps of the idols,
Dancing yet through the streets in a phallic procession, rapt and 
austere in the woods a gymnosophist,
Drinking mead from the skullcup, to Shastas and Vedas admirant,
minding the Koran,
Walking the teokallis, spotted with gore from the stone and knife,
beating the serpentskin drum,
Accepting the Gospels, accepting him that was crucified, knowing 
assuredly that he is divine,


                                      



To the mass kneeling or the puritan's prayer rising, or sitting 
patiently in a pew,
Ranting and frothing in my insane crisis, or waiting deadlike till 
my spirit arouses me,
Looking forth on pavement and land, or outside of pavement and 
land,
Belonging to the winders of the circuit of circuits.

One of that centripetal and centrifugal gang I turn and talk like a 
man leaving charges before a journey.

Downhearted doubters dull and excluded,
Frivolous, sullen, moping, angry, affected, dishearten'd, atheistical,
I know every one of you, I know the sea of torment, doubt,
despair and unbelief.

How the flukes splash!
How they contort rapid as lightning, with spasms and spouts of 
blood!

Be at peace bloody flukes of doubters and sullen mopers,
I take my place among you as much as among any,
The past is the push of you, me, all, precisely the same,
And what is yet untried and afterward is for you, me, all, precisely 
the same.

I do not know what is untried and afterward,
But I know it will in its turn prove sufficient, and cannot fail.

Each who passes is consider'd, each who stops is consider'd, not 
a single one can it fail.

It cannot fail the young man who died and was buried,
Nor the young woman who died and was put by his side,
Nor the little child that peep'd in at the door, and then drew back 
and was never seen again,
Nor the old man who has lived without purpose, and feels it with 
bitterness worse than gall,
Nor him in the poor house tubercled by rum and the bad dis
order,
Nor the numberless slaughter'd and wreck'd, nor the brutish koboo 
call'd the ordure of humanity,
Nor the sacs merely floating with open mouths for food to slip in,
Nor any thing in the earth, or down in the oldest graves of the 
earth,


                                      



Nor any thing in the myriads of spheres, nor the myriads of 
myriads that inhabit them,
Nor the present, nor the least wisp that is known.




It is time to explain myselflet us stand up.

What is known I strip away,
I launch all men and women forward with me into the Unknown.

The clock indicates the momentbut what does eternity indicate?

We have thus far exhausted trillions of winters and summers,
There are trillions ahead, and trillions ahead of them.

Births have brought us richness and variety,
And other births will bring us richness and variety.

I do not call one greater and one smaller,
That which fills its period and place is equal to any.

Were mankind murderous or jealous upon you, my brother, my 
sister?
I am sorry for you, they are not murderous or jealous upon me,
All has been gentle with me, I keep no account with lamentation,
(What have I to do with lamentation?)

I am an acme of things accomplish'd, and I an encloser of things 
to be.

My feet strike an apex of the apices of the stairs,
On every step bunches of ages, and larger bunches between the 
steps,
All below duly travel'd, and still I mount and mount.

Rise after rise bow the phantoms behind me,
Afar down I see the huge first Nothing, I know I was even there,
I waited unseen and always, and slept through the lethargic mist,
And took my time, and took no hurt from the fetid carbon.

Long I was hugg'd closelong and long.

Immense have been the preparations for me,
Faithful and friendly the arms that have help'd me.



                                      



Cycles ferried my cradle, rowing and rowing like cheerful boatmen,
For room to me stars kept aside in their own rings,
They sent influences to look after what was to hold me.

Before I was born out of my mother generations guided me,
My embryo has never been torpid, nothing could overlay it.

For it the nebula cohered to an orb,
The long slow strata piled to rest it on,
Vast vegetables gave it sustenance,
Monstrous sauroids transported it in their mouths and deposited 
it with care.

All forces have been steadily employ'd to complete and delight me,
Now on this spot I stand with my robust soul.




O span of youth! everpush'd elasticity!
O manhood, balanced, florid and full.

My lovers suffocate me,
Crowding my lips, thick in the pores of my skin,
Jostling me through streets and public halls, coming naked to me 
at night,
Crying by day Ahoy! from the rocks of the river, swinging and 
chirping over my head,
Calling my name from flowerbeds, vines, tangled underbrush,
Lighting on every moment of my life,
Bussing my body with soft balsamic busses,
Noiselessly passing handfuls out of their hearts and giving them 
to be mine.

Old age superbly rising! O welcome, ineffable grace of dying 
days!

Every condition promulges not only itself, it promulges what grows 
after and out of itself,
And the dark hush promulges as much as any.

I open my scuttle at night and see the farsprinkled systems,
And all I see multiplied as high as I can cipher edge but the rim 
of the farther systems.

Wider and wider they spread, expanding, always expanding,
Outward and outward and forever outward.



                                      



My sun has his sun and round him obediently wheels,
He joins with his partners a group of superior circuit,
And greater sets follow, making specks of the greatest inside them.

There is no stoppage and never can be stoppage,
If I, you, and the worlds, and all beneath or upon their surfaces,
were this moment reduced back to a pallid float, it would 
not avail in the long run,
We should surely bring up again where we now stand,
And surely go as much farther, and then farther and farther.

A few quadrillions of eras, a few octillions of cubic leagues, do not 
hazard the span or make it impatient,
They are but parts, any thing is but a part.

See ever so far, there is limitless space outside of that,
Count ever so much, there is limitless time around that.

My rendezvous is appointed, it is certain,
The Lord will be there and wait till I come on perfect terms,
The great Camerado, the lover true for whom I pine will be there.




I know I have the best of time and space, and was never measured 
and never will be measured.

I tramp a perpetual journey, (come listen all!)
My signs are a rainproof coat, good shoes, and a staff cut from 
the woods,
No friend of mine takes his ease in my chair,
I have no chair, no church, no philosophy,
I lead no man to a dinnertable, library, exchange,
But each man and each woman of you I lead upon a knoll,
My left hand hooking you round the waist,
My right hand pointing to landscapes of continents and the public 
road.

Not I, not any one else can travel that road for you,
You must travel it for yourself.

It is not far, it is within reach,
Perhaps you have been on it since you were born and did not 
know,
Perhaps it is everywhere on water and on land.



                                      



Shoulder your duds dear son, and I will mine, and let us hasten 
forth,
Wonderful cities and free nations we shall fetch as we go.

If you tire, give me both burdens, and rest the chuff of your hand 
on my hip,
And in due time you shall repay the same service to me,
For after we start we never lie by again.

This day before dawn I ascended a hill and look'd at the crowded 
heaven,
And I said to my spirit When we become the enfolders of those 
orbs, and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in 
them, shall we be fill'd and satisfied then?
And my spirit said No, we but level that lift to pass and continue 
beyond.

You are also asking me questions and I hear you,
I answer that I cannot answer, you must find out for yourself.

Sit a while dear son,
Here are biscuits to eat and here is milk to drink,
But as soon as you sleep and renew yourself in sweet clothes, I 
kiss you with a goodby kiss and open the gate for your 
egress hence.

Long enough have you dream'd contemptible dreams,
Now I wash the gum from your eyes,
You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every 
moment of your life.

Long have you timidly waded holding a plank by the shore,
Now I will you to be a bold swimmer,
To jump off in the midst of the sea, rise again, nod to me, shout,
and laughingly dash with your hair.




I am the teacher of athletes,
He that by me spreads a wider breast than my own proves the 
width of my own,
He most honors my style who learns under it to destroy the 
teacher.

The boy I love, the same becomes a man not through derived 
power, but in his own right,


                                      



Wicked rather than virtuous out of conformity or fear,
Fond of his sweetheart, relishing well his steak,
Unrequited love or a slight cutting him worse than sharp steel 
cuts,
Firstrate to ride, to fight, to hit the bull's eye, to sail a skiff, to 
sing a song or play on the banjo,
Preferring scars and the beard and faces pitted with smallpox 
over all latherers,
And those welltann'd to those that keep out of the sun.

I teach straying from me, yet who can stray from me?
I follow you whoever you are from the present hour,
My words itch at your ears till you understand them.

I do not say these things for a dollar or to fill up the time while I 
wait for a boat,
(It is you talking just as much as myself, I act as the tongue of 
you,
Tied in your mouth, in mine it begins to be loosen'd.)

I swear I will never again mention love or death inside a house,
And I swear I will never translate myself at all, only to him or her 
who privately stays with me in the open air.

If you would understand me go to the heights or watershore,
The nearest gnat is an explanation, and a drop or motion of waves 
a key,
The maul, the oar, the handsaw, second my words.

No shutter'd room or school can commune with me,
But roughs and little children better than they.

The young mechanic is closest to me, he knows me well,
The woodman that takes his axe and jug with him shall take me 
with him all day,
The farmboy ploughing in the field feels good at the sound of my 
voice,
In vessels that sail my words sail, I go with fishermen and seamen 
and love them.

The soldier camp'd or upon the march is mine,
On the night ere the pending battle many seek me, and I do not 
fail them,
On that solemn night (it may be their last) those that know me 
seek me.



                                      



My face rubs to the hunter's face when he lies down alone in his 
blanket,
The driver thinking of me does not mind the jolt of his wagon,
The young mother and old mother comprehend me,
The girl and the wife rest the needle a moment and forget where 
they are,
They and all would resume what I have told them.




I have said that the soul is not more than the body,
And I have said that the body is not more than the soul,
And nothing, not God, is greater to one than one's self is,
And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own 
funeral drest in his shroud,
And I or you pocketless of a dime may purchase the pick of the 
earth,
And to glance with an eye or show a bean in its pod confounds 
the learning of all times,
And there is no trade or employment but the young man following 
it may become a hero,
And there is no object so soft but it makes a hub for the wheel'd 
universe,
And I say to any man or woman, Let your soul stand cool and 
composed before a million universes.

And I say to mankind, Be not curious about God,
For I who am curious about each am not curious about God,
(No array of terms can say how much I am at peace about God 
and about death.)

I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not 
in the least,
Nor do I understand who there can be more wonderful than 
myself.

Why should I wish to see God better than this day?
I see something of God each hour of the twentyfour, and each 
moment then,
In the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in 
the glass,
I find letters from God dropt in the street, and every one is sign'd 
by God's name,
And I leave them where they are, for I know that wheresoe'er I go,
Others will punctually come for ever and ever.




                                      





And as to you Death, and you bitter hug of mortality, it is idle to 
try to alarm me.

To his work without flinching the accoucheur comes,
I see the elderhand pressing receiving supporting,
I recline by the sills of the exquisite flexible doors,
And mark the outlet, and mark the relief and escape.

And as to you Corpse I think you are good manure, but that does 
not offend me,
I smell the white roses sweetscented and growing,
I reach to the leafy lips, I reach to the polish'd breasts of melons.

And as to you Life I reckon you are the leavings of many deaths,
(No doubt I have died myself ten thousand times before.)

I hear you whispering there O stars of heaven,
O sunsO grass of gravesO perpetual transfers and pro
motions,
If you do not say any thing how can I say any thing?

Of the turbid pool that lies in the autumn forest,
Of the moon that descends the steeps of the soughing twilight,
Toss, sparkles of day and dusktoss on the black stems that 
decay in the muck,
Toss to the moaning gibberish of the dry limbs.

I ascend from the moon, I ascend from the night,
I perceive that the ghastly glimmer is noonday sunbeams reflected,
And debouch to the steady and central from the offspring great or 
small.




There is that in meI do not know what it isbut I know it is 
in me.

Wrench'd and sweatycalm and cool then my body becomes,
I sleepI sleep long.

I do not know itit is without nameit is a word unsaid,
It is not in any dictionary, utterance, symbol.

Something it swings on more than the earth I swing on,
To it the creation is the friend whose embracing awakes me.



                                      



Perhaps I might tell more. Outlines! I plead for my brothers 
and sisters.

Do you see O my brothers and sisters?
It is not chaos or deathit is form, union, planit is eternal 
lifeit is Happiness.




The past and present wiltI have fill'd them, emptied them.
And proceed to fill my next fold of the future.

Listener up there! what have you to confide to me?
Look in my face while I snuff the sidle of evening,
(Talk honestly, no one else hears you, and I stay only a minute 
longer.)

Do I contradict myself?
Very well then I contradict myself,
(I am large, I contain multitudes.)

I concentrate toward them that are nigh, I wait on the doorslab.

Who has done his day's work? who will soonest be through with 
his supper?
Who wishes to walk with me?

Will you speak before I am gone? will you prove already too late?




The spotted hawk swoops by and accuses me, he complains of my 
gab and my loitering.

I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable,
I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.

The last scud of day holds back for me,
It flings my likeness after the rest and true as any on the shadow'd 
wilds,
It coaxes me to the vapor and the dusk.

I depart as air, I shake my white locks at the runaway sun,
I effuse my flesh in eddies, and drift it in lacy jags.

I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love,
If you want me again look for me under your bootsoles.



                                      



You will hardly know who I am or what I mean,
But I shall be good health to you nevertheless,
And filter and fibre your blood.

Failing to fetch me at first keep encouraged,
Missing me one place search another,
I stop somewhere waiting for you.



CHILDREN OF ADAM.


TO THE GARDEN THE WORLD

TO the garden the world anew ascending,
Potent mates, daughters, sons, preluding,
The love, the life of their bodies, meaning and being,
Curious here behold my resurrection after slumber,
The revolving cycles in their wide sweep having brought me again,
Amorous, mature, all beautiful to me, all wondrous,
My limbs and the quivering fire that ever plays through them, for 
reasons, most wondrous,
Existing I peer and penetrate still,
Content with the present, content with the past,
By my side or back of me Eve following,
Or in front, and I following her just the same.


FROM PENTUP ACHING RIVERS.

FROM pentup aching rivers,
From that of myself without which I were nothing,
From what I am determin'd to make illustrious, even if I stand 
sole among men,
From my own voice resonant, singing the phallus,
Singing the song of procreation,
Singing the need of superb children and therein superb grown 
people,
Singing the muscular urge and the blending,
Singing the bedfellow's song, (O resistless yearning!
O for any and each the body correlative attracting!


                                      



O for you whoever you are your correlative body! O it, more than 
all else, you delighting!)
From the hungry gnaw that eats me night and day,
From native moments, from bashful pains, singing them,
Seeking something yet unfound though I have diligently sought it 
many a long year,
Singing the true song of the soul fitful at random,
Renascent with grossest Nature or among animals,
Of that, of them and what goes with them my poems informing,
Of the smell of apples and lemons, of the pairing of birds,
Of the wet of woods, of the lapping of waves,
Of the mad pushes of waves upon the land, I them chanting,
The overture lightly sounding, the strain anticipating,
The welcome nearness, the sight of the perfect body,
The swimmer swimming naked in the bath, or motionless on his 
back lying and floating,
The female form approaching, I pensive, loveflesh tremulous 
aching,
The divine list for myself or you or for any one making,
The face, the limbs, the index from head to foot, and what it 
arouses,
The mystic deliria, the madness amorous, the utter abandonment,
(Hark close and still what I now whisper to you,
I love you, O you entirely possess me,
O that you and I escape from the rest and go utterly off, free and 
lawless,
Two hawks in the air, two fishes swimming in the sea not more 
lawless than we;)
The furious storm through me careering, I passionately trembling.
The oath of the inseparableness of two together, of the woman 
that loves me and whom I love more than my life, that oath 
swearing,
(O I willingly stake all for you,
O let me be lost if it must be so!
O you and I! what is it to us what the rest do or think?
What is all else to us? only that we enjoy each other and exhaust 
each other if it must be so;)
From the master, the pilot I yield the vessel to,
The general commanding me, commanding all, from him permis
sion taking,
From time the programme hastening, (I have loiter'd too long as 
it is,)
From sex, from the warp and from the woof,
From privacy, from frequent repinings alone,
From plenty of persons near and yet the right person not near,


                                      



From the soft sliding of hands over me and thrusting of fingers 
through my hair and beard,
From the long sustain'd kiss upon the mouth or bosom,
From the close pressure that makes me or any man drunk, fainting 
with excess,
From what the divine husband knows, from the work of fatherhood,
From exultation, victory and relief, from the bedfellow's embrace 
in the night,
From the actpoems of eyes, hands, hips and bosoms,
From the cling of the trembling arm,
From the bending curve and the clinch,
From side by side the pliant coverlet offthrowing,
From the one so unwilling to have me leave, and me just as un
willing to leave,
(Yet a moment O tender waiter, and I return,)
From the hour of shining stars and dropping dews,
From the night a moment I emerging flitting out,
Celebrate you act divine and you children prepared for,
And you stalwart loins.


I SING THE BODY ELECTRIC.



I SING the body electric,
The armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them,
They will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them,
And discorrupt them, and charge them full with the charge of the 
soul.
Was it doubted that those who corrupt their own bodies conceal 
themselves?
And if those who defile the living are as bad as they who defile 
the dead?
And if the body does not do fully as much as the soul?
And if the body were not the soul, what is the soul?




The love of the body of man or woman balks account, the body 
itself balks account,
That of the male is perfect, and that of the female is perfect.
The expression of the face balks account,
But the expression of a wellmade man appears not only in his 
face,


                                      



It is in his limbs and joints also, it is curiously in the joints of his 
hips and wrists,
It is in his walk, the carriage of his neck, the flex of his waist and 
knees, dress does not hide him,
The strong sweet quality he has strikes through the cotton and 
broadcloth,
To see him pass conveys as much as the best poem, perhaps more,
You linger to see his back, and the back of his neck and shoul
derside.
The sprawl and fulness of babes, the bosoms and heads of women, 
the folds of their dress, their style as we pass in the street, 
the contour of their shape downwards,
The swimmer naked in the swimmingbath, seen as he swims 
through the transparent greenshine, or lies with his face 
up and rolls silently to and fro in the heave of the water,
The bending forward and backward of rowers in rowboats, the 
horseman in his saddle,
Girls, mothers, housekeepers, in all their performances,
The group of laborers seated at noontime with their open dinner
kettles, and their wives waiting,
The female soothing a child, the farmer's daughter in the garden 
or cowyard,
The young fellow hoeing corn, the sleighdriver driving his six 
horses through the crowd,
The wrestle of wrestlers, two apprenticeboys, quite grown, lusty, 
goodnatured, nativeborn, out on the vacant lot at sun
down after work,
The coats and caps thrown down, the embrace of love and resistance,
The upperhold and underhold, the hair rumpled over and blind
ing the eyes;
The march of firemen in their own costumes, the play of mascu
line muscle through cleansetting trowsers and waiststraps,
The slow return from the fire, the pause when the bell strikes 
suddenly again, and the listening on the alert,
The natural, perfect, varied attitudes, the bent head, the curv'd 
neck and the counting;
Suchlike I loveI loosen myself, pass freely, am at the mother's 
breast with the little child,
Swim with the swimmers, wrestle with wrestlers, march in line with 
the firemen, and pause, listen, count.




I knew a man, a common farmer, the father of five sons,
And in them the fathers of sons, and in them the fathers of sons.


                                      



This man was of wonderful vigor, calmness, beauty of person,
The shape of his head, the pale yellow and white of his hair and 
beard, the immeasurable meaning of his black eyes, the 
richness and breadth of his manners,
These I used to go and visit him to see, he was wise also,
He was six feet tall, he was over eighty years old, his sons were 
massive, clean, bearded, tanfaced, handsome,
They and his daughters loved him, all who saw him loved him,
They did not love him by allowance, they loved him with personal 
love,
He drank water only, the blood show'd like scarlet through the 
clearbrown skin of his face,
He was a frequent gunner and fisher, he sail'd his boat himself, 
he had a fine one presented to him by a shipjoiner, he 
had fowlingpieces presented to him by men that loved 
him,
When he went with his five sons and many grandsons to hunt or 
fish, you would pick him out as the most beautiful and 
vigorous of the gang,
You would wish long and long to be with him, you would wish to 
sit by him in the boat that you and he might touch each 
other.




I have perceiv'd that to be with those I like is enough,
To stop in company with the rest at evening is enough,
To be surrounded by beautiful, curious, breathing, laughing flesh 
is enough,
To pass among them or touch any one, or rest my arm ever so 
lightly round his or her neck for a moment, what is this 
then?
I do not ask any more delight, I swim in it as in a sea.

There is something in staying close to men and women and look
ing on them, and in the contact and odor of them, that 
pleases the soul well,
All things please the soul, but these please the soul well.




This is the female form,
A divine nimbus exhales from it from head to foot,
It attracts with fierce undeniable attraction,
I am drawn by its breath as if I were no more than a helpless 
vapor, all falls aside but myself and it,
Books, art, religion, time, the visible and solid earth, and what was 
expected of heaven or fear'd of hell, are now consumed,


                                      



Mad filaments, ungovernable shoots play out of it, the response 
likewise ungovernable,
Hair, bosom, hips, bend of legs, negligent falling hands all dif 
fused, mine too diffused,
Ebb stung by the flow and flow stung by the ebb, loveflesh swell
ing and deliciously aching,
Limitless limpid jets of love hot and enormous, quivering jelly of 
love, whiteblow and delirious juice,
Bridegroom night of love working surely and softly into the pros
trate dawn,
Undulating into the willing and yielding day,
Lost in the cleave of the clasping and sweetflesh'd day.

This the nucleusafter the child is born of woman, man is born 
of woman,
This the bath of birth, this the merge of small and large, and the 
outlet again.

Be not ashamed women, your privilege encloses the rest, and is the 
exit of the rest,
You are the gates of the body, and you are the gates of the soul.

The female contains all qualities and tempers them,
She is in her place and moves with perfect balance,
She is all things duly veil'd, she is both passive and active,
She is to conceive daughters as well as sons, and sons as well as 
daughters.

As I see my soul reflected in Nature,
As I see through a mist, One with inexpressible completeness, 
sanity, beauty,
See the bent head and arms folded over the breast, the Female 
I see.




The male is not less the soul nor more, he too is in his place,
He too is all qualities, he is action and power,
The flush of the known universe is in him,
Scorn becomes him well, and appetite and defiance become him 
well,
The wildest largest passions, bliss that is utmost, sorrow that is 
utmost become him well, pride is for him,
The fullspread pride of man is calming and excellent to the soul,
Knowledge becomes him, he likes it always, he brings every thing 
to the test of himself,



                                      



Whatever the survey, whatever the sea and the sail he strikes 
soundings at last only here,
(Where else does he strike soundings except here?)

The man's body is sacred and the woman's body is sacred,
No matter who it is, it is sacredis it the meanest one in the 
laborers' gang?
Is it one of the dullfaced immigrants just landed on the wharf?
Each belongs here or anywhere just as much as the welloff, just 
as much as you,
Each has his or her place in the procession.

(All is a procession,
The universe is a procession with measured and perfect motion.)

Do you know so much yourself that you call the meanest ignorant?
Do you suppose you have a right to a good sight, and he or she 
has no right to a sight?
Do you think matter has cohered together from its diffuse float, 
and the soil is on the surface, and water runs and vegeta
tion sprouts,
For you only, and not for him and her?




A man's body at auction,
(For before the war I often go to the slavemart and watch the 
sale,)
I help the auctioneer, the sloven does not half know his business.

Gentlemen look on this wonder,
Whatever the bids of the bidders they cannot be high enough for it,
For it the globe lay preparing quintillions of years without one 
animal or plant,
For it the revolving cycles truly and steadily roll'd.

In this head the allbaffling brain,
In it and below it the makings of heroes.

Examine these limbs, red, black, or white, they are cunning in 
tendon and nerve,
They shall be stript that you may see them.

Exquisite senses, lifelit eyes, pluck, volition,
Flakes of breastmuscle, pliant backbone and neck, flesh not 
flabby, goodsized arms and legs,
And wonders within there yet.



                                      



Within there runs blood,
The same old blood! the same redrunning blood!
There swells and jets a heart, there all passions, desires, reachings, 
aspirations,
(Do you think they are not there because they are not express'd in 
parlors and lecturerooms?)

This is not only one man, this the father of those who shall be 
fathers in their turns,
In him the start of populous states and rich republics,
Of him countless immortal lives with countless embodiments and 
enjoyments.

How do you know who shall come from the offspring of his off
spring through the centuries?
(Who might you find you have come from yourself, if you could 
trace back through the centuries?)




A woman's body at auction,
She too is not only herself, she is the teeming mother of mothers,
She is the bearer of them that shall grow and be mates to the 
mothers.

Have you ever loved the body of a woman?
Have you ever loved the body of a man?
Do you not see that these are exactly the same to all in all nations 
and times all over the earth?

If any thing is sacred the human body is sacred,
And the glory and sweet of a man is the token of manhood 
untainted,
And in man or woman a clean, strong, firmfibred body, is more 
beautiful than the most beautiful face.

Have you seen the fool that corrupted his own live body? or the 
fool that corrupted her own live body?
For they do not conceal themselves, and cannot conceal themselves.




O my body! I dare not desert the likes of you in other men and 
women, nor the likes of the parts of you,
I believe the likes of you are to stand or fall with the likes of the 
soul, (and that they are the soul,)


                                      



I believe the likes of you shall stand or fall with my poems, and 
that they are my poems,
Man's, woman's, child's, youth's, wife's, husband's, mother's, father's, 
young man's, young woman's poems,
Head, neck, hair, ears, drop and tympan of the ears,
Eyes, eyefringes, iris of the eye, eyebrows, and the waking or 
sleeping of the lids,
Mouth, tongue, lips, teeth, roof of the mouth, jaws, and the jaw
hinges,
Nose, nostrils of the nose, and the partition,
Cheeks, temples, forehead, chin, throat, back of the neck, neck
slue,
Strong shoulders, manly beard, scapula, hindshoulders, and the 
ample sideround of the chest,
Upperarm, armpit, elbowsocket, lowerarm, armsinews, arm
bones,
Wrist and wristjoints, hand, palm, knuckles, thumb, forefinger, 
fingerjoints, fingernails,
Broad breastfront, curling hair of the breast, breastbone, breast
side,
Ribs, belly, backbone, joints of the backbone,
Hips, hipsockets, hipstrength, inward and outward round, man
balls, manroot,
Strong set of thighs, well carrying the trunk above,
Legfibres, knee, kneepan, upperleg, underleg,
Ankles, instep, football, toes, toejoints, the heel;
All attitudes, all the shapeliness, all the belongings of my or your 
body or of any one's body, male or female,
The lungsponges, the stomachsac, the bowels sweet and clean,
The brain in its folds inside the skullframe,
Sympathies, heartvalves, palatevalves, sexuality, maternity,
Womanhood, and all that is a woman, and the man that comes 
from woman,
The womb, the teats, nipples, breastmilk, tears, laughter, weeping, 
lovelooks, loveperturbations and risings,
The voice, articulation, language, whispering, shouting aloud,
Food, drink, pulse, digestion, sweat, sleep, walking, swimming,
Poise on the hips, leaping, reclining, embracing, armcurving and 
tightening,
The continual changes of the flex of the mouth, and around the 
eyes,
The skin, the sunburnt shade, freckles, hair,
The curious sympathy one feels when feeling with the hand the 
naked meat of the body,
The circling rivers the breath, and breathing it in and out,


                                      



The beauty of the waist, and thence of the hips, and thence down
ward toward the knees,
The thin red jellies within you or within me, the bones and the 
marrow in the bones,
The exquisite realization of health;
O I say these are not the parts and poems of the body only, but 
of the soul,
O I say now these are the soul!



A WOMAN WAITS FOR ME.

A WOMAN waits for me, she contains all, nothing is lacking,
Yet all were lacking if sex were lacking, or if the moisture of the 
right man were lacking.

Sex contains all, bodies, souls,
Meanings, proofs, purities, delicacies, results, promulgations,
Songs, commands, health, pride, the maternal mystery, the seminal 
milk,
All hopes, benefactions, bestowals, all the passions, loves, beauties,
delights of the earth,
All the governments, judges, gods, follow'd persons of the earth,
These are contain'd in sex as parts of itself and justifications of 
itself.

Without shame the man I like knows and avows the deliciousness 
of his sex,
Without shame the woman I like knows and avows hers.

Now I will dismiss myself from impassive women,
I will go stay with her who waits for me, and with those women 
that are warmblooded and sufficient for me,
I see that they understand me and do not deny me,
I see that they are worthy of me, I will be the robust husband 
of those women.

They are not one jot less than I am,
They are tann'd in the face by shining suns and blowing winds,
Their flesh has the old divine suppleness and strength,
They know how to swim, row, ride, wrestle, shoot, run, strike,
retreat, advance, resist, defend themselves,
They are ultimate in their own rightthey are calm, clear, well
possess'd of themselves.



                                      



I draw you close to me, you women,
I cannot let you go, I would do you good,
I am for you, and you are for me, not only for our own sake, but 
for others' sakes,
Envelop'd in you sleep greater heroes and bards,
They refuse to awake at the touch of any man but me.

It is I, you women, I make my way,
I am stern, acrid, large, undissuadable, but I love you,
I do not hurt you any more than is necessary for you,
I pour the stuff to start sons and daughters fit for these States, I 
press with slow rude muscle,
I brace myself effectually, I listen to no entreaties,
I dare not withdraw till I deposit what has so long accumulated 
within me.

Through you I drain the pentup rivers of myself,
In you I wrap a thousand onward years,
On you I graft the grafts of the bestbeloved of me and America,
The drops I distil upon you shall grow fierce and athletic girls,
new artists, musicians, and singers,
The babes I beget upon you are to beget babes in their turn,
I shall demand perfect men and women out of my lovespendings,
I shall expect them to interpenetrate with others, as I and you 
interpenetrate now,
I shall count on the fruits of the gushing showers of them, as I 
count on the fruits of the gushing showers I give now,
I shall look for loving crops from the birth, life, death, immortality,
I plant so lovingly now.


SPONTANEOUS ME.

SPONTANEOUS me, Nature,
The loving day, the mounting sun, the friend I am happy with,
The arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder,
The hillside whiten'd with blossoms of the mountain ash,
The same late in autumn, the hues of red, yellow, drab, purple,
and light and dark green,
The rich coverlet of the grass, animals and birds, the private 
untrimm'd bank, the primitive apples, the pebblestones,
Beautiful dripping fragments, the negligent list of one after an
other as I happen to call them to me or think of them,
The real poems, (what we call poems being merely pictures,)
The poems of the privacy of the night, and of men like me,


                                      



This poem drooping shy and unseen that I always carry, and that 
all men carry,
(Know once for all, avow'd on purpose, wherever are men like 
me, are our lusty lurking masculine poems,)
Lovethoughts, lovejuice, loveodor, loveyielding, loveclimbers,
and the climbing sap,
Arms and hands of love, lips of love, phallic thumb of love, breasts 
of love, bellies press'd and glued together with love,
Earth of chaste love, life that is only life after love,
The body of my love, the body of the woman I love, the body 
of the man, the body of the earth,
Soft forenoon airs that blow from the southwest,
The hairy wildbee that murmurs and hankers up and down, that 
gripes the fullgrown ladyflower, curves upon her with 
amorous firm legs, takes his will of her, and holds himself 
tremulous and tight till he is satisfied;
The wet of woods through the early hours,
Two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep, one with an 
arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other,
The smell of apples, aromas from crush'd sageplant, mint, birch
bark,
The boy's longings, the glow and pressure as he confides to me 
what he was dreaming,
The dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and content 
to the ground,
The noform'd stings that sights, people, objects, sting me with,
The hubb'd sting of myself, stinging me as much as it ever can 
any one,
The sensitive, orbic, underlapp'd brothers, that only privileged 
feelers may be intimate where they are,
The curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body, the 
bashful withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly 
pause and edge themselves,
The limpid liquid within the young man,
The vex'd corrosion so pensive and so painful,
The torment, the irritable tide that will not be at rest,
The like of the same I feel, the like of the same in others,
The young man that flushes and flushes, and the young woman 
that flushes and flushes,
The young man that wakes deep at night, the hot hand seeking to 
repress what would master him,
The mystic amorous night, the strange halfwelcome pangs, visions,
sweats,
The pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling 
fingers, the young man all color'd, red, ashamed, angry;


                                      



The souse upon me of my lover the sea, as I lie willing and naked,
The merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the 
sun, the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them,
The walnuttrunk, the walnuthusks, and the ripening or ripen'd 
longround walnuts,
The continence of vegetables, birds, animals,
The consequent meanness of me should I skulk or find myself 
indecent, while birds and animals never once skulk or 
find themselves indecent,
The great chastity of paternity, to match the great chastity of 
maternity,
The oath of procreation I have sworn, my Adamic and fresh 
daughters,
The greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw, till I 
saturate what shall produce boys to fill my place when I 
am through,
The wholesome relief, repose, content,
And this bunch pluck'd at random from myself,
It has done its workI toss it carelessly to fall where it may.


ONE HOUR TO MADNESS AND JOY.

ONE hour to madness and joy! O furious! O confine me not!
(What is this that frees me so in storms?
What do my shouts amid lightnings and raging winds mean?)

O to drink the mystic deliria deeper than any other man!
O savage and tender achings! (I bequeath them to you my 
children,
I tell them to you, for reasons, O bridegroom and bride.)

O to be yielded to you whoever you are, and you to be yielded to 
me in defiance of the world!
O to return to Paradise! O bashful and feminine!
O to draw you to me, to plant on you for the first time the lips of 
a determin'd man.

O the puzzle, the thricetied knot, the deep and dark pool, all 
untied and illumin'd!
O to speed where there is space enough and air enough at last!
To be absolv'd from previous ties and conventions, I from mine 
and you from yours!
To find a new unthoughtof nonchalance with the best of Nature!


                                      



To have the gag remov'd from one's mouth!
To have the feeling today or any day I am sufficient as I am.

O something unprov'd! something in a trance!
To escape utterly from others' anchors and holds!
To drive free! to love free! to dash reckless and dangerous!
To court destruction with taunts, with invitations!
To ascend, to leap to the heavens of the love indicated to me!
To rise thither with my inebriate soul!
To be lost if it must be so!
To feed the remainder of life with one hour of fulness and freedom!
With one brief hour of madness and joy.


OUT OF THE ROLLING OCEAN THE CROWD.

OUT of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently to me,
Whispering I love you, before long I die,
I have travel'd a long way merely to look on you to touch you,
For I could not die till I once look'd on you,
For I fear'd I might afterward lose you.

Now we have met, we have look'd, we are safe,
Return in peace to the ocean my love,
I too am part of that ocean my love, we are not so much sepa
rated,
Behold the great rondure, the cohesion of all, how perfect!
But as for me, for you, the irresistible sea is to separate us,
As for an hour carrying us diverse, yet cannot carry us diverse for
ever;
Be not impatienta little spaceknow you I salute the air, the 
ocean and the land,
Every day at sundown for your dear sake my love.


AGES AND AGES RETURNING AT INTERVALS.

AGES and ages returning at intervals,
Undestroy'd, wandering immortal,
Lusty, phallic, with the potent original loins, perfectly sweet,
I, chanter of Adamic songs,
Through the new garden the West, the great cities calling,
Deliriate, thus prelude what is generated, offering these, offering 
myself,
Bathing myself, bathing my songs in Sex,
Offspring of my loins.



                                      




WE TWO, HOW LONG WE WERE FOOL'D.

WE two, how long we were fool'd,
Now transmuted, we swiftly escape as Nature escapes,
We are Nature, long have we been absent, but now we return,
We become plants, trunks, foliage, roots, bark,
We are bedded in the ground, we are rocks,
We are oaks, we grow in the openings side by side,
We browse, we are two among the wild herds spontaneous as 
any,
We are two fishes swimming in the sea together,
We are what locust blossoms are, we drop scent around lanes 
mornings and evenings,
We are also the coarse smut of beasts, vegetables, minerals,
We are two predatory hawks, we soar above and look down,
We are two resplendent suns, we it is who balance ourselves orbic 
and stellar, we are as two comets,
We prowl fang'd and fourfooted in the woods, we spring on 
prey,
We are two clouds forenoons and afternoons driving overhead,
We are seas mingling, we are two of those cheerful waves rolling 
over each other and interwetting each other,
We are what the atmosphere is, transparent, receptive, pervious,
impervious,
We are snow, rain, cold, darkness, we are each product and 
influence of the globe,
We have circled and circled till we have arrived home again, we 
two,
We have voided all but freedom and all but our own joy.


O HYMEN! O HYMENEE!

O HYMEN! O hymenee! why do you tantalize me thus?
O why sting me for a swift moment only?
Why can you not continue? O why do you now cease?
Is it because if you continued beyond the swift moment you 
would soon certainly kill me?


I AM HE THAT ACHES WITH LOVE.

I AM he that aches with amorous love;
Does the earth gravitate? does not all matter, aching, attract all 
matter?
So the body of me to all I meet or know.



                                      




NATIVE MOMENTS.

NATIVE momentswhen you come upon meah you are here 
now,
Give me now libidinous joys only,
Give me the drench of my passions, give me life coarse and rank,
Today I go consort with Nature's darlings, tonight too,
I am for those who believe in loose delights, I share the midnight 
orgies of young men,
I dance with the dancers and drink with the drinkers,
The echoes ring with our indecent calls, I pick out some low 
person for my dearest friend,
He shall be lawless, rude, illiterate, he shall be one condemn'd by 
others for deeds done,
I will play a part no longer, why should I exile myself from my 
companions?
O you shunn'd persons, I at least do not shun you,
I come forthwith in your midst, I will be your poet,
I will be more to you than to any of the rest.


ONCE I PASS'D THROUGH A POPULOUS CITY.

ONCE I pass'd through a populous city imprinting my brain for 
future use with its shows, architecture, customs, traditions,
Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met 
there who detain'd me for love of me,
Day by day and night by night we were togetherall else has 
long been forgotten by me,
I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me,
Again we wander, we love, we separate again,
Again she holds me by the hand, I must not go,
I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous.


I HEARD YOU SOLEMNSWEET PIPES OF THE ORGAN.

I HEARD you solemnsweet pipes of the organ as last Sunday morn 
I pass'd the church,
Winds of autumn, as I walk'd the woods at dusk I heard your 
longstretch'd sighs up above so mournful,
I heard the perfect Italian tenor singing at the opera, I heard the 
soprano in the midst of the quartet singing;
Heart of my love! you too I heard murmuring low through one 
of the wrists around my head,
Heard the pulse of you when all was still ringing little bells last 
night under my ear.



                                      




FACING WEST FROM CALIFORNIA'S SHORES.

FACING west from California's shores,
Inquiring, tireless, seeking what is yet unfound,
I, a child, very old, over waves, towards the house of maternity,
the land of migrations, look afar,
Look off the shores of my Western sea, the circle almost circled;
For starting westward from Hindustan, from the vales of Kash
mere,
From Asia, from the north, from the God, the sage, and the 
hero,
From the south, from the flowery peninsulas and the spice islands,
Long having wander'd since, round the earth having wander'd,
Now I face home again, very pleas'd and joyous,
(But where is what I started for so long ago?
And why is it yet unfound?)


AS ADAM EARLY IN THE MORNING.

AS Adam early in the morning,
Walking forth from the bower refresh'd with sleep,
Behold me where I pass, hear my voice, approach,
Touch me, touch the palm of your hand to my body as I pass,
Be not afraid of my body.

CALAMUS.






IN PATHS UNTRODDEN.

IN paths untrodden,
In the growth by margins of pondwaters,
Escaped from the life that exhibits itself,
From all the standards hitherto publish'd, from the pleasures,
profits, conformities,
Which too long I was offering to feed my soul,
Clear to me now standards not yet publish'd, clear to me that my 
soul,
That the soul of the man I speak for rejoices in comrades,
Here by myself away from the clank of the world,
Tallying and talk'd to here by tongues aromatic,


                                      



No longer abash'd, (for in this secluded spot I can respond as I 
would not dare elsewhere,)
Strong upon me the life that does not exhibit itself, yet contains 
all the rest,
Resolv'd to sing no songs today but those of manly attachment,
Projecting them along that substantial life,
Bequeathing hence types of athletic love,
Afternoon this delicious Ninthmonth in my fortyfirst year,
I proceed for all who are or have been young men,
To tell the secret of my nights and days,
To celebrate the need of comrades.


SCENTED HERBAGE OF MY BREAST.

SCENTED herbage of my breast,
Leaves from you I glean, I write, to be perused best afterwards,
Tombleaves, bodyleaves growing up above me above death,
Perennial roots, tall leaves, O the winter shall not freeze you 
delicate leaves,
Every year shall you bloom again, out from where you retired you 
shall emerge again;
O I do not know whether many passing by will discover you or 
inhale your faint odor, but I believe a few will;
O slender leaves! O blossoms of my blood! I permit you to tell 
in your own way of the heart that is under you,
O I do not know what you mean there underneath yourselves, you 
are not happiness,
You are often more bitter than I can bear, you burn and sting me,
Yet you are beautiful to me you faint tinged roots, you make me 
think of death,
Death is beautiful from you, (what indeed is finally beautiful except 
death and love?)
O I think it is not for life I am chanting here my chant of lovers,
I think it must be for death,
For how calm, how solemn it grows to ascend to the atmosphere 
of lovers,
Death or life I am then indifferent, my soul declines to prefer,
(I am not sure but the high soul of lovers welcomes death most,)
Indeed O death, I think now these leaves mean precisely the same 
as you mean,
Grow up taller sweet leaves that I may see! grow up out of my 
breast!
Spring away from the conceal'd heart there!
Do not fold yourself so in your pinktinged roots timid leaves!


                                      



Do not remain down there so ashamed, herbage of my breast!
Come I am determin'd to unbare this broad breast of mine, I 
have long enough stifled and choked;
Emblematic and capricious blades I leave you, now you serve me 
not,
I will say what I have to say by itself,
I will sound myself and comrades only, I will never again utter a 
call only their call,
I will raise with it immortal reverberations through the States,
I will give an example to lovers to take permanent shape and 
will through the States,
Through me shall the words be said to make death exhilarating,
Give me your tone therefore O death, that I may accord with it,
Give me yourself, for I see that you belong to me now above all,
and are folded inseparably together, you love and death are,
Nor will I allow you to balk me any more with what I was calling life,
For now it is convey'd to me that you are the purports essential,
That you hide in these shifting forms of life, for reasons, and that 
they are mainly for you,
That you beyond them come forth to remain, the real reality,
That behind the mask of materials you patiently wait, no matter 
how long,
That you will one day perhaps take control of all,
That you will perhaps dissipate this entire show of appearance,
That maybe you are what it is all for, but it does not last so very 
long,
But you will last very long.


WHOEVER YOU ARE HOLDING ME NOW IN HAND.

WHOEVER you are holding me now in hand,
Without one thing all will be useless,
I give you fair warning before you attempt me further,
I am not what you supposed, but far different.

Who is he that would become my follower?
Who would sign himself a candidate for my affections?

The way is suspicious, the result uncertain, perhaps destructive,
You would have to give up all else, I alone would expect to be 
your sole and exclusive standard,
Your novitiate would even then be long and exhausting,
The whole past theory of your life and all conformity to the lives 
around you would have to be abandon'd,


                                      



Therefore release me now before troubling yourself any further, let 
go your hand from my shoulders,
Put me down and depart on your way.

Or else by stealth in some wood for trial,
Or back of a rock in the open air,
(For in any roof'd room of a house I emerge not, nor in com
pany,
And in libraries I lie as one dumb, a gawk, or unborn, or dead,)
But just possibly with you on a high hill, first watching lest any 
person for miles around approach unawares,
Or possibly with you sailing at sea, or on the beach of the sea or 
some quiet island,
Here to put your lips upon mine I permit you,
With the comrade's longdwelling kiss or the new husband's kiss,
For I am the new husband and I am the comrade.

Or if you will, thrusting me beneath your clothing,
Where I may feel the throbs of your heart or rest upon your 
hip,
Carry me when you go forth over land or sea;
For thus merely touching you is enough, is best,
And thus touching you would I silently sleep and be carried 
eternally.

But these leaves conning you con at peril,
For these leaves and me you will not understand,
They will elude you at first and still more afterward, I will 
certainly elude you,
Even while you should think you had unquestionably caught me, 
behold!
Already you see I have escaped from you.

For it is not for what I have put into it that I have written this 
book,
Nor is it by reading it you will acquire it,
Nor do those know me best who admire me and vauntingly praise 
me,
Nor will the candidates for my love (unless at most a very few)
prove victorious,
Nor will my poems do good only, they will do just as much evil,
perhaps more,
For all is useless without that which you may guess at many times 
and not hit, that which I hinted at;
Therefore release me and depart on your way.



                                      




FOR YOU O DEMOCRACY.

COME, I will make the continent indissoluble,
I will make the most splendid race the sun ever shone upon,
I will make divine magnetic lands,
With the love of comrades,
With the lifelong love of comrades.

I will plant companionship thick as trees along all the rivers of 
America, and along the shores of the great lakes, and all 
over the prairies,
I will make inseparable cities with their arms about each other's 
necks,
By the love of comrades,
By the manly love of comrades.

For you these from me, O Democracy, to serve you ma femme!
For you, for you I am trilling these songs.


THESE I SINGING IN SPRING.

THESE I singing in spring collect for lovers,
(For who but I should understand lovers and all their sorrow and 
joy?
And who but I should be the poet of comrades?)
Collecting I traverse the garden the world, but soon I pass the 
gates,
Now along the pondside, now wading in a little, fearing not the 
wet,
Now by the postandrail fences where the old stones thrown there,
pick'd from the fields, have accumulated,
(Wildflowers and vines and weeds come up through the stones 
and partly cover them, beyond these I pass,)
Far, far in the forest, or sauntering later in summer, before I think 
where I go,
Solitary, smelling the earthy smell, stopping now and then in the 
silence,
Alone I had thought, yet soon a troop gathers around me,
Some walk by my side and some behind, and some embrace my 
arms or neck,
They the spirits of dear friends dead or alive, thicker they come,
a great crowd, and I in the middle,
Collecting, dispensing, singing, there I wander with them,
Plucking something for tokens, tossing toward whoever is near me,
Here, lilac, with a branch of pine,


                                      



Here, out of my pocket, some moss which I pull'd off a liveoak 
in Florida as it hung trailing down,
Here, some pinks and laurel leaves, and a handful of sage,
And here what I now draw from the water, wading in the pond
side,
(O here I last saw him that tenderly loves me, and returns again 
never to separate from me,
And this, O this shall henceforth be the token of comrades, this 
calamusroot shall,
Interchange it youths with each other! let none render it back!)
And twigs of maple and a bunch of wild orange and chestnut,
And stems of currants and plumblows, and the aromatic cedar,
These I compass'd around by a thick cloud of spirits,
Wandering, point to or touch as I pass, or throw them loosely 
from me,
Indicating to each one what he shall have, giving something to 
each;
But what I drew from the water by the pondside, that I reserve,
I will give of it, but only to them that love as I myself am capable 
of loving.


NOT HEAVING FROM MY RIBB'D BREAST ONLY.

NOT heaving from my ribb'd breast only,
Not in sighs at night in rage dissatisfied with myself,
Not in those longdrawn, illsupprest sighs,
Not in many an oath and promise broken,
Not in my wilful and savage soul's volition,
Not in the subtle nourishment of the air,
Not in this beating and pounding at my temples and wrists,
Not in the curious systole and diastole within which will one day 
cease,
Not in many a hungry wish told to the skies only,
Not in cries, laughter, defiances, thrown from me when alone far 
in the wilds,
Not in husky pantings through clinch'd teeth,
Not in sounded and resounded words, chattering words, echoes,
dead words,
Not in the murmurs of my dreams while I sleep,
Nor the other murmurs of these incredible dreams of every day,
Nor in the limbs and senses of my body that take you and dismiss 
you continuallynot there,
Not in any or all of them O adhesiveness! O pulse of my life!
Need I that you exist and show yourself any more than in these 
songs.



                                      




OF THE TERRIBLE DOUBT OF APPEARANCES.

OF the terrible doubt of appearances,
Of the uncertainty after all, that we may be deluded,
That maybe reliance and hope are but speculations after all,
That maybe identity beyond the grave is a beautiful fable only,
Maybe the things I perceive, the animals, plants, men, hills,
shining and flowing waters,
The skies of day and night, colors, densities, forms, maybe these 
are (as doubtless they are) only apparitions, and the real 
something has yet to be known,
(How often they dart out of themselves as if to confound me and 
mock me!
How often I think neither I know, nor any man knows, aught of 
them,)
Maybe seeming to me what they are (as doubtless they indeed 
but seem) as from my present point of view, and might 
prove (as of course they would) nought of what they 
appear, or nought anyhow, from entirely changed points 
of view;
To me these and the like of these are curiously answer'd by my 
lovers, my dear friends,
When he whom I love travels with me or sits a long while holding 
me by the hand,
When the subtle air, the impalpable, the sense that words and 
reason hold not, surround us and pervade us,
Then I am charged with untold and untellable wisdom, I am 
silent, I require nothing further,
I cannot answer the question of appearances or that of identity 
beyond the grave,
But I walk or sit indifferent, I am satisfied,
He ahold of my hand has completely satisfied me.


THE BASE OF ALL METAPHYSICS.

AND now gentlemen,
A word I give to remain in your memories and minds,
As base and final too for all metaphysics.

(So to the students the old professor,
At the close of his crowded course.)

Having studied the new and antique, the Greek and Germanic 
systems,
Kant having studied and stated, Fichte and Schelling and Hegel,


                                      



Stated the lore of Plato, and Socrates greater than Plato,
And greater than Socrates sought and stated, Christ divine having 
studied long,
I see reminiscent today those Greek and Germanic systems,
See the philosophies all, Christian churches and tenets see,
Yet underneath Socrates clearly see, and underneath Christ the 
divine I see,
The dear love of man for his comrade, the attraction of friend to 
friend,
Of the wellmarried husband and wife, of children and parents,
Of city for city and land for land.


RECORDERS AGES HENCE.

RECORDERS ages hence,
Come, I will take you down underneath this impassive exterior, I 
will tell you what to say of me,
Publish my name and hang up my picture as that of the tenderest 
lover,
The friend the lover's portrait, of whom his friend his lover was 
fondest,
Who was not proud of his songs, but of the measureless ocean of 
love within him, and freely pour'd it forth,
Who often walk'd lonesome walks thinking of his dear friends, his 
lovers,
Who pensive away from one he lov'd often lay sleepless and dissat
isfied at night,
Who knew too well the sick, sick dread lest the one he lov'd 
might secretly be indifferent to him,
Whose happiest days were far away through fields, in woods, on 
hills, he and another wandering hand in hand, they twain 
apart from other men,
Who oft as he saunter'd the streets curv'd with his arm the shoul
der of his friend, while the arm of his friend rested upon 
him also.


WHEN I HEARD AT THE CLOSE OF THE DAY.

WHEN I heard at the close of the day how my name had been 
receiv'd with plaudits in the capitol, still it was not a happy 
night for me that follow'd,
And else when I carous'd, or when my plans were accomplish'd,
still I was not happy,


                                      



But the day when I rose at dawn from the bed of perfect health,
refresh'd, singing, inhaling the ripe breath of autumn,
When I saw the full moon in the west grow pale and disappear in 
the morning light,
When I wander'd alone over the beach, and undressing bathed,
laughing with the cool waters, and saw the sun rise,
And when I thought how my dear friend my lover was on his way 
coming, O then I was happy,
O then each breath tasted sweeter, and all that day my food 
nourish'd me more, and the beautiful day pass'd well,
And the next came with equal joy, and with the next at evening 
came my friend,
And that night while all was still I heard the waters roll slowly 
continually up the shores,
I heard the hissing rustle of the liquid and sands as directed to 
me whispering to congratulate me,
For the one I love most lay sleeping by me under the same cover 
in the cool night,
In the stillness in the autumn moonbeams his face was inclined 
toward me,
And his arm lay lightly around my breastand that night I was 
happy.


ARE YOU THE NEW PERSON DRAWN TOWARD ME?

ARE you the new person drawn toward me?
To begin with take warning, I am surely far different from what 
you suppose;
Do you suppose you will find in me your ideal?
Do you think it so easy to have me become your lover?
Do you think the friendship of me would be unalloy'd satisfaction?
Do you think I am trusty and faithful?
Do you see no further than this faade, this smooth and tolerant 
manner of me?
Do you suppose yourself advancing on real ground toward a real 
heroic man?
Have you no thought O dreamer that it may be all maya, illusion?


ROOTS AND LEAVES THEMSELVES ALONE.

ROOTS and leaves themselves alone are these,
Scents brought to men and women from the wild woods and 
pondside,


                                      



Breastsorrel and pinks of love, fingers that wind around tighter 
than vines,
Gushes from the throats of birds hid in the foliage of trees as the 
sun is risen,
Breezes of land and love set from living shores to you on the living 
sea, to you O sailors!
Frostmellow'd berries and Thirdmonth twigs offer'd fresh to 
young persons wandering out in the fields when the winter 
breaks up,
Lovebuds put before you and within you whoever you are,
Buds to be unfolded on the old terms,
If you bring the warmth of the sun to them they will open and 
bring form, color, perfume, to you,
If you become the aliment and the wet they will become flowers,
fruits, tall branches and trees.


NOT HEAT FLAMES UP AND CONSUMES.

NOT heat flames up and consumes,
Not seawaves hurry in and out,
Not the air delicious and dry, the air of ripe summer, bears lightly 
along white downballs of myriads of seeds,
Wafted, sailing gracefully, to drop where they may;
Not these, O none of these more than the flames of me, consum
ing, burning for his love whom I love,
O none more than I hurrying in and out;
Does the tide hurry, seeking something, and never give up? O I 
the same,
O nor downballs nor perfumes, nor the high rainemitting clouds,
are borne through the open air,
Any more than my soul is borne through the open air,
Wafted in all directions O love, for friendship, for you.


TRICKLE DROPS.

TRICKLE drops! my blue veins leaving!
O drops of me! trickle, slow drops,
Candid from me falling, drip, bleeding drops,
From wounds made to free you whence you were prison'd,
From my face, from my forehead and lips,
From my breast, from within where I was conceal'd, press forth 
red drops, confession drops,
Stain every page, stain every song I sing, every word I say, bloody 
drops,


                                      



Let them know your scarlet heat, let them glisten,
Saturate them with yourself all ashamed and wet,
Glow upon all I have written or shall write, bleeding drops,
Let it all be seen in your light, blushing drops.


CITY OF ORGIES.

CITY of orgies, walks and joys,
City whom that I have lived and sung in your midst will one day 
make you illustrious,
Not the pageants of you, not your shifting tableaus, your specta
cles, repay me,
Not the interminable rows of your houses, nor the ships at the 
wharves,
Nor the processions in the streets, nor the bright windows with 
goods in them,
Nor to converse with learn'd persons, or bear my share in the soiree 
or feast;
Not those, but as I pass O Manhattan, your frequent and swift 
flash of eyes offering me love,
Offering response to my ownthese repay me,
Lovers, continual lovers, only repay me.


BEHOLD THIS SWARTHY FACE.

BEHOLD this swarthy face, these gray eyes,
This beard, the white wool unclipt upon my neck,
My brown hands and the silent manner of me without charm;
Yet comes one a Manhattanese and ever at parting kisses me 
lightly on the lips with robust love,
And I on the crossing of the street or on the ship's deck give a 
kiss in return,
We observe that salute of American comrades land and sea,
We are those two natural and nonchalant persons.


I SAW IN LOUISIANA A LIVEOAK GROWING.

I SAW in Louisiana a liveoak growing,
All alone stood it and the moss hung down from the branches,
Without any companion it grew there uttering joyous leaves of 
dark green,
And its look, rude, unbending, lusty, made me think of myself,
But I wonder'd how it could utter joyous leaves standing alone 
there without its friend near, for I knew I could not,


                                      



And I broke off a twig with a certain number of leaves upon it,
and twined around it a little moss,
And brought it away, and I have placed it in sight in my room,
It is not needed to remind me as of my own dear friends,
(For I believe lately I think of little else than of them,)
Yet it remains to me a curious token, it makes me think of manly 
love;
For all that, and though the liveoak glistens there in Louisiana 
solitary in a wide flat space,
Uttering joyous leaves all its life without a friend a lover near,
I know very well I could not.


TO A STRANGER.

PASSING stranger! you do not know how longingly I look upon 
you,
You must be he I was seeking, or she I was seeking, (it comes to 
me as of a dream,)
I have somewhere surely lived a life of joy with you,
All is recall'd as we flit by each other, fluid, affectionate, chaste,
matured,
You grew up with me, were a boy with me or a girl with me,
I ate with you and slept with you, your body has become not yours 
only nor left my body mine only,
You give me the pleasure of your eyes, face, flesh, as we pass, you 
take of my beard, breast, hands, in return,
I am not to speak to you, I am to think of you when I sit alone 
or wake at night alone,
I am to wait, I do not doubt I am to meet you again,
I am to see to it that I do not lose you.


THIS MOMENT YEARNING AND THOUGHTFUL.

THIS moment yearning and thoughtful sitting alone,
It seems to me there are other men in other lands yearning and 
thoughtful,
It seems to me I can look over and behold them in Germany,
Italy, France, Spain,
Or far, far away, in China, or in Russia or Japan, talking other 
dialects,
And it seems to me if I could know those men I should become 
attached to them as I do to men in my own lands,
O I know we should be brethren and lovers,
I know I should be happy with them.



                                      




I HEAR IT WAS CHARGED AGAINST ME.

I HEAR it was charged against me that I sought to destroy institu
tions,
But really I am neither for nor against institutions,
(What indeed have I in common with them? or what with the 
destruction of them?)
Only I will establish in the Mannahatta and in every city of these 
States inland and seaboard,
And in the fields and woods, and above every keel little or large 
that dents the water,
Without edifices or rules or trustees or any argument,
The institution of the dear love of comrades.


THE PRAIRIEGRASS DIVIDING.

THE prairiegrass dividing, its special odor breathing,
I demand of it the spiritual corresponding,
Demand the most copious and close companionship of men,
Demand the blades to rise of words, acts, beings,
Those of the open atmosphere, coarse, sunlit, fresh, nutritious,
Those that go their own gait, erect, stepping with freedom and 
command, leading not following,
Those with a neverquell'd audacity, those with sweet and lusty 
flesh clear of taint,
Those that look carelessly in the faces of Presidents and governors,
as to say Who are you?
Those of earthborn passion, simple, never constrain'd, never 
obedient,
Those of inland America.


WHEN I PERUSE THE CONQUER'D FAME.

WHEN I peruse the conquer'd fame of heroes and the victories 
of mighty generals, I do not envy the generals,
Nor the President in his Presidency, nor the rich in his great 
house,
But when I hear of the brotherhood of lovers, how it was with 
them,
How together through life, through dangers, odium, unchanging, 
long and long,
Through youth and through middle and old age, how unfaltering, 
how affectionate and faithful they were,
Then I am pensiveI hastily walk away fill'd with the bitterest 
envy.



                                      




WE TWO BOYS TOGETHER CLINGING.

WE two boys together clinging,
One the other never leaving,
Up and down the roads going, North and South excursions 
making,
Power enjoying, elbows stretching, fingers clutching,
Arm'd and fearless, eating, drinking, sleeping, loving,
No law less than ourselves owning, sailing, soldiering, thieving,
threatening,
Misers, menials, priests alarming, air breathing, water drinking, on 
the turf or the seabeach dancing,
Cities wrenching, ease scorning, statutes mocking, feebleness chas
ing,
Fulfilling our foray.


A PROMISE TO CALIFORNIA.

A PROMISE to California,
Or inland to the great pastoral Plains, and on to Puget sound and 
Oregon;
Sojourning east a while longer, soon I travel toward you, to remain,
to teach robust American love,
For I know very well that I and robust love belong among you,
inland, and along the Western sea;
For these States tend inland and toward the Western sea, and I 
will also.


HERE THE FRAILEST LEAVES OF ME.

HERE the frailest leaves of me and yet my strongest lasting,
Here I shade and hide my thoughts, I myself do not expose them,
And yet they expose me more than all my other poems.


NO LABORSAVING MACHINE.

NO laborsaving machine,
Nor discovery have I made,
Nor will I be able to leave behind me any wealthy bequest to 
found a hospital or library,
Nor reminiscence of any deed of courage for America,
Nor literary success nor intellect, nor book for the bookshelf,
But a few carols vibrating through the air I leave,
For comrades and lovers.



                                      




A GLIMPSE.

A GLIMPSE through an interstice caught,
Of a crowd of workmen and drivers in a barroom around the 
stove late of a winter night, and I unremark'd seated in a 
corner,
Of a youth who loves me and whom I love, silently approaching 
and seating himself near, that he may hold me by the hand,
A long while amid the noises of coming and going, of drinking 
and oath and smutty jest,
There we two, content, happy in being together, speaking little,
perhaps not a word.


A LEAF FOR HAND IN HAND.

A LEAF for hand in hand;
You natural persons old and young!
You on the Mississippi and on all the branches and bayous of the 
Mississippi!
You friendly boatmen and mechanics! you roughs!
You twain! and all processions moving along the streets!
I wish to infuse myself among you till I see it common for you to 
walk hand in hand.


EARTH, MY LIKENESS.

EARTH, my likeness,
Though you look so impassive, ample and spheric there,
I now suspect that is not all;
I now suspect there is something fierce in you eligible to burst forth,
For an athlete is enamour'd of me, and I of him,
But toward him there is something fierce and terrible in me eligi
ble to burst forth,
I dare not tell it in words, not even in these songs.


I DREAM'D IN A DREAM.

I DREAM'D in a dream I saw a city invincible to the attacks of the 
whole of the rest of the earth,
I dream'd that was the new city of Friends,
Nothing was greater there than the quality of robust love, it led 
the rest,
It was seen every hour in the actions of the men of that city,
And in all their looks and words.



                                      




WHAT THINK YOU I TAKE MY PEN IN HAND?

WHAT think you I take my pen in hand to record?
The battleship, perfectmodel'd, majestic, that I saw pass the 
offing today under full sail?
The splendors of the past day? or the splendor of the night that 
envelops me?
Or the vaunted glory and growth of the great city spread around 
me?no;
But merely of two simple men I saw today on the pier in the 
midst of the crowd, parting the parting of dear friends,
The one to remain hung on the other's neck and passionately 
kiss'd him,
While the one to depart tightly prest the one to remain in his 
arms.


TO THE EAST AND TO THE WEST.

TO the East and to the West,
To the man of the Seaside State and of Pennsylvania,
To the Kanadian of the north, to the Southerner I love,
These with perfect trust to depict you as myself, the germs are in 
all men,
I believe the main purport of these States is to found a superb 
friendship, exalt, previously unknown,
Because I perceive it waits, and has been always waiting, latent in 
all men.


SOMETIMES WITH ONE I LOVE.

SOMETIMES with one I love I fill myself with rage for fear I effuse 
unreturn'd love,
But now I think there is no unreturn'd love, the pay is certain one 
way or another,
(I loved a certain person ardently and my love was not return'd,
Yet out of that I have written these songs.)


TO A WESTERN BOY.

MANY things to absorb I teach to help you become eleve of mine;
Yet if blood like mine circle not in your veins,
If you be not silently selected by lovers and do not silently select 
lovers,
Of what use is it that you seek to become eleve of mine?



                                      




FAST ANCHOR'D ETERNAL O LOVE!

FASTANCHOR'D eternal O love! O woman I love!
O bride! O wife! more resistless than I can tell, the thought of 
you!
Then separate, as disembodied or another born,
Ethereal, the last athletic reality, my consolation,
I ascend, I float in the regions of your love O man,
O sharer of my roving life.


AMONG THE MULTITUDE.

AMONG the men and women the multitude,
I perceive one picking me out by secret and divine signs,
Acknowledging none else, not parent, wife, husband, brother,
child, any nearer than I am,
Some are baffled, but that one is notthat one knows me.

Ah lover and perfect equal,
I meant that you should discover me so by faint indirections,
And I when I meet you mean to discover you by the like in you.


O YOU WHOM I OFTEN AND SILENTLY COME.

O YOU whom I often and silently come where you are that I may 
be with you,
As I walk by your side or sit near, or remain in the same room 
with you,
Little you know the subtle electric fire that for your sake is play
ing within me.


THAT SHADOW MY LIKENESS.

THAT shadow my likeness that goes to and fro seeking a liveli
hood, chattering, chaffering,
How often I find myself standing and looking at it where it 
flits,
How often I question and doubt whether that is really me;
But among my lovers and caroling these songs,
O I never doubt whether that is really me.


FULL OF LIFE NOW.

FULL of life now, compact, visible,
I, forty years old the eightythird year of the States,


                                      



To one a century hence or any number of centuries hence,
To you yet unborn these, seeking you.

When you read these I that was visible am become invisible,
Now it is you, compact, visible, realizing my poems, seeking me,
Fancying how happy you were if I could be with you and become 
your comrade;
Be it as if I were with you. (Be not too certain but I am now 
with you.)

SALUT AU MONDE!



O TAKE my hand Walt Whitman!
Such gliding wonders! such sights and sounds!
Such join'd unended links, each hook'd to the next,
Each answering all, each sharing the earth with all.

What widens within you Walt Whitman?
What waves and soils exuding?
What climes? what persons and cities are here?
Who are the infants, some playing, some slumbering?
Who are the girls? who are the married women?
Who are the groups of old men going slowly with their arms about 
each other's necks?
What rivers are these? what forests and fruits are these?
What are the mountains call'd that rise so high in the mists?
What myriads of dwellings are they fill'd with dwellers?




Within me latitude widens, longitude lengthens,
Asia, Africa, Europe, are to the eastAmerica is provided for in 
the west,
Banding the bulge of the earth winds the hot equator,
Curiously north and south turn the axisends,
Within me is the longest day, the sun wheels in slanting rings, it 
does not set for months,
Stretch'd in due time within me the midnight sun just rises above 
the horizon and sinks again,
Within me zones, seas, cataracts, forests, volcanoes, groups,
Malaysia, Polynesia, and the great West Indian islands.




                                      





What do you hear Walt Whitman?

I hear the workman singing and the farmer's wife singing,
I hear in the distance the sounds of children and of animals early 
in the day,
I hear emulous shouts of Australians pursuing the wild horse,
I hear the Spanish dance with castanets in the chestnut shade, to 
the rebeck and guitar,
I hear continual echoes from the Thames,
I hear fierce French liberty songs,
I hear of the Italian boatsculler the musical recitative of old 
poems,
I hear the locusts in Syria as they strike the grain and grass with 
the showers of their terrible clouds,
I hear the Coptic refrain toward sundown, pensively falling on the 
breast of the black venerable vast mother the Nile,
I hear the chirp of the Mexican muleteer, and the bells of the 
mule,
I hear the Arab muezzin calling from the top of the mosque,
I hear the Christian priests at the altars of their churches, I hear 
the responsive base and soprano,
I hear the cry of the Cossack, and the sailor's voice putting to sea 
at Okotsk,
I hear the wheeze of the slavecoffle as the slaves march on, as 
the husky gangs pass on by twos and threes, fasten'd together 
with wristchains and anklechains,
I hear the Hebrew reading his records and psalms,
I hear the rhythmic myths of the Greeks, and the strong legends 
of the Romans,
I hear the tale of the divine life and bloody death of the beautiful 
God the Christ,
I hear the Hindoo teaching his favorite pupil the loves, wars,
adages, transmitted safely to this day from poets who wrote 
three thousand years ago.




What do you see Walt Whitman?
Who are they you salute, and that one after another salute you?

I see a great round wonder rolling through space,
I see diminute farms, hamlets, ruins, graveyards, jails, factories,
palaces, hovels, huts of barbarians, tents of nomads upon 
the surface,



                                      



I see the shaded part on one side where the sleepers are sleeping,
and the sunlit part on the other side,
I see the curious rapid change of the light and shade,
I see distant lands, as real and near to the inhabitants of them as 
my land is to me.

I see plenteous waters,
I see mountain peaks, I see the sierras of Andes where they range,
I see plainly the Himalayas, Chian Shahs, Altays, Ghauts,
I see the giant pinnacles of Elbruz, Kazbek, Bazardjusi,
I see the Styrian Alps, and the Karnac Alps,
I see the Pyrenees, Balks, Carpathians, and to the north the 
Dofrafields, and off at sea mount Hecla,
I see Vesuvius and Etna, the mountains of the Moon, and the 
Red mountains of Madagascar,
I see the Lybian, Arabian, and Asiatic deserts,
I see huge dreadful Arctic and Antarctic icebergs,
I see the superior oceans and the inferior ones, the Atlantic and 
Pacific, the sea of Mexico, the Brazilian sea, and the sea 
of Peru,
The waters of Hindustan, the China sea, and the gulf of Guinea,
The Japan waters, the beautiful bay of Nagasaki landlock'd in its 
mountains,
The spread of the Baltic, Caspian, Bothnia, the British shores, and 
the bay of Biscay,
The clearsunn'd Mediterranean, and from one to another of its 
islands,
The White sea, and the sea around Greenland.

I behold the mariners of the world,
Some are in storms, some in the night with the watch on the look
out,
Some drifting helplessly, some with contagious diseases.

I behold the sail and steamships of the world, some in clusters in 
port, some on their voyages,
Some double the cape of Storms, some cape Verde, others capes 
Guardafui, Bon, or Bajadore,
Others Dondra head, others pass the straits of Sunda, others cape 
Lopatka, others Behring's straits,
Others cape Horn, others sail the gulf of Mexico or along Cuba 
or Hayti, others Hudson's bay or Baffin's bay,
Others pass the straits of Dover, others enter the Wash, others the 
firth of Solway, others round cape Clear, others the Land's 
End,


                                      



Others traverse the Zuyder Zee or the Scheld,
Others as comers and goers at Gibraltar or the Dardanelles,
Others sternly push their way through the northern winterpacks,
Others descend or ascend the Obi or the Lena,
Others the Niger or the Congo, others the Indus, the Burampooter 
and Cambodia,
Others wait steam'd up ready to start in the ports of Australia,
Wait at Liverpool, Glasgow, Dublin, Marseilles, Lisbon, Naples,
Hamburg, Bremen, Bordeaux, the Hague, Copenhagen,
Wait at Valparaiso, Rio Janeiro, Panama.




I see the tracks of the railroads of the earth,
I see them in Great Britain, I see them in Europe,
I see them in Asia and in Africa.

I see the electric telegraphs of the earth,
I see the filaments of the news of the wars, deaths, losses, gains,
passions, of my race.

I see the long riverstripes of the earth,
I see the Amazon and the Paraguay,
I see the four great rivers of China, the Amour, the Yellow River,
the Yiangtse, and the Pearl,
I see where the Seine flows, and where the Danube, the Loire, the 
Rhone, and the Guadalquiver flow,
I see the windings of the Volga, the Dnieper, the Oder,
I see the Tuscan going down the Arno, and the Venetian along 
the Po,
I see the Greek seaman sailing out of Egina bay.




I see the site of the old empire of Assyria, and that of Persia, and 
that of India,
I see the falling of the Ganges over the high rim of Saukara.

I see the place of the idea of the Deity incarnated by avatars in 
human forms,
I see the spots of the successions of priests on the earth, oracles,
sacrificers, brahmins, sabians, llamas, monks, muftis, ex
horters,
I see where druids walk'd the groves of Mona, I see the mistletoe 
and vervain,
I see the temples of the deaths of the bodies of Gods, I see the 
old signifiers.



                                      



I see Christ eating the bread of his last supper in the midst of 
youths and old persons,
I see where the strong divine young man the Hercules toil'd faith
fully and long and then died,
I see the place of the innocent rich life and hapless fate of the 
beautiful nocturnal son, the fulllimb'd Bacchus,
I see Kneph, blooming, drest in blue, with the crown of feathers 
on his head,
I see Hermes, unsuspected, dying, wellbelov'd, saying to the 
people Do not weep for me,
This is not my true country, I have lived banish'd from my true 
country, I now go back there,
I return to the celestial sphere where every one goes in his turn.




I see the battlefields of the earth, grass grows upon them and 
blossoms and corn,
I see the tracks of ancient and modern expeditions.

I see the nameless masonries, venerable messages of the unknown 
events, heroes, records of the earth.

I see the places of the sagas,
I see pinetrees and firtrees torn by northern blasts,
I see granite bowlders and cliffs, I see green meadows and lakes,
I see the burialcairns of Scandinavian warriors,
I see them raised high with stones by the marge of restless oceans,
that the dead men's spirits when they wearied of their quiet 
graves might rise up through the mounds and gaze on the 
tossing billows, and be refresh'd by storms, immensity,
liberty, action.

I see the steppes of Asia,
I see the tumuli of Mongolia, I see the tents of Kalmucks and 
Baskirs,
I see the nomadic tribes with herds of oxen and cows,
I see the tablelands notch'd with ravines, I see the jungles and 
deserts,
I see the camel, the wild steed, the bustard, the fattail'd sheep,
the antelope, and the burrowing wolf.

I see the highlands of Abyssinia,
I see flocks of goats feeding, and see the figtree, tamarind, date,
And see fields of teffwheat and places of verdure and gold.



                                      



I see the Brazilian vaquero,
I see the Bolivian ascending mount Sorata,
I see the Wacho crossing the plains, I see the incomparable rider 
of horses with his lasso on his arm,
I see over the pampas the pursuit of wild cattle for their hides.




I see the regions of snow and ice,
I see the sharp eyed Samoiede and the Finn,
I see the sealseeker in his boat poising his lance,
I see the Siberian on his slightbuilt sledge drawn by dogs,
I see the porpoisehunters, I see the whalecrews of the south Pa
cific and the north Atlantic,
I see the cliffs, glaciers, torrents, valleys, of SwitzerlandI mark 
the long winters and the isolation.

I see the cities of the earth and make myself at random a part of 
them,
I am a real Parisian,
I am a habitan of Vienna, St. Petersburg, Berlin, Constantinople,
I am of Adelaide, Sidney, Melbourne,
I am of London, Manchester, Bristol, Edinburgh, Limerick,
I am of Madrid, Cadiz, Barcelona, Oporto, Lyons, Brussels, Berne,
Frankfort, Stuttgart, Turin, Florence,
I belong in Moscow, Cracow, Warsaw, or northward in Christiania 
or Stockholm, or in Siberian Irkutsk, or in some street in 
Iceland,
I descend upon all those cities, and rise from them again.




I see vapors exhaling from unexplored countries,
I see the savage types, the bow and arrow, the poison'd splint, the 
fetich, and the obi.

I see African and Asiatic towns,
I see Algiers, Tripoli, Derne, Mogadore, Timbuctoo, Monrovia,
I see the swarms of Pekin, Canton, Benares, Delhi, Calcutta, Tokio,
I see the Kruman in his hut, and the Dahoman and Ashanteeman 
in their huts,
I see the Turk smoking opium in Aleppo,
I see the picturesque crowds at the fairs of Khiva and those of 
Herat,
I see Teheran, I see Muscat and Medina and the intervening sands,
I see the caravans toiling onward,


                                      



I see Egypt and the Egyptians, I see the pyramids and obelisks,
I look on chisell'd histories, records of conquering kings, dynasties,
cut in slabs of sandstone, or on graniteblocks,
I see at Memphis mummypits containing mummies embalm'd,
swathed in linen cloth, lying there many centuries,
I look on the fall'n Theban, the largeball'd eyes, the sidedrooping 
neck, the hands folded across the breast.

I see all the menials of the earth, laboring,
I see all the prisoners in the prisons,
I see the defective human bodies of the earth,
The blind, the deaf and dumb, idiots, hunchbacks, lunatics,
The pirates, thieves, betrayers, murderers, slavemakers of the earth,
The helpless infants, and the helpless old men and women.

I see male and female everywhere,
I see the serene brotherhood of philosophs,
I see the constructiveness of my race,
I see the results of the perseverance and industry of my race,
I see ranks, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, I go among them, I 
mix indiscriminately,
And I salute all the inhabitants of the earth.




You whoever you are!
You daughter or son of England!
You of the mighty Slavic tribes and empires! you Russ in Russia!
You dimdescended, black, divinesoul'd African, large, fine
headed, noblyform'd, superbly destin'd, on equal terms 
with me!
You Norwegian! Swede! Dane! Icelander! you Prussian!
You Spaniard of Spain! you Portuguese!
You Frenchwoman and Frenchman of France!
You Belge! you libertylover of the Netherlands! (you stock 
whence I myself have descended;)
You sturdy Austrian! you Lombard! Hun! Bohemian! farmer of 
Styria!
You neighbor of the Danube!
You workingman of the Rhine, the Elbe, or the Weser! you 
workingwoman too!
You Sardinian! you Bavarian! Swabian! Saxon! Wallachian!
Bulgarian!
You Roman! Neapolitan! you Greek!
You lithe matador in the arena at Seville!
You mountaineer living lawlessly on the Taurus or Caucasus!


                                      



You Bokh horseherd watching your mares and stallions feeding!
You beautifulbodied Persian at full speed in the saddle shooting 
arrows to the mark!
You Chinaman and Chinawoman of China! You Tartar of Tartary!
You women of the earth subordinated at your tasks!
You Jew journeying in your old age through every risk to stand 
once on Syrian ground!
You other Jews waiting in all lands for your Messiah!
You thoughtful Armenian pondering by some stream of the Eu
phrates! you peering amid the ruins of Nineveh! you 
ascending mount Ararat!
You footworn pilgrim welcoming the faraway sparkle of the 
minarets of Mecca!
You sheiks along the stretch from Suez to Babelmandeb ruling 
your families and tribes!
You olivegrower tending your fruit on fields of Nazareth, Damas
cus, or lake Tiberias!
You Thibet trader on the wide inland or bargaining in the shops 
of Lassa!
You Japanese man or woman! you liver in Madagascar, Ceylon,
Sumatra, Borneo!
All you continentals of Asia, Africa, Europe, Australia, indifferent 
of place!
All you on the numberless islands of the archipelagoes of the sea!
And you of centuries hence when you listen to me!
And you each and everywhere whom I specify not, but include 
just the same!
Health to you! good will to you all, from me and America sent!

Each of us inevitable,
Each of us limitlesseach of us with his or her right upon the 
earth,
Each of us allow'd the eternal purports of the earth,
Each of us here as divinely as any is here.




You Hottentot with clicking palate! you woollyhair'd hordes!
You own'd persons dropping sweatdrops or blooddrops!
You human forms with the fathomless everimpressive counte
nances of brutes!
You poor koboo whom the meanest of the rest look down upon 
for all your glimmering language and spirituality!
You dwarf'd Kamtschatkan, Greenlander, Lapp!
You Austral negro, naked, red, sooty, with protrusive lip, groveling,
seeking your food!


                                      



You Caffre, Berber, Soudanese!
You haggard, uncouth, untutor'd Bedowee!
You plagueswarms in Madras, Nankin, Kaubul, Cairo!
You benighted roamer of Amazonia! you Patagonian! you Feejee
man!
I do not prefer others so very much before you either,
I do not say one word against you, away back there where you 
stand,
(You will come forward in due time to my side.)




My spirit has pass'd in compassion and determination around the 
whole earth,
I have look'd for equals and lovers and found them ready for me 
in all lands,
I think some divine rapport has equalized me with them.

You vapors, I think I have risen with you, moved away to distant 
continents, and fallen down there, for reasons,
I think I have blown with you you winds;
You waters I have finger'd every shore with you,
I have run through what any river or strait of the globe has run 
through,
I have taken my stand on the bases of peninsulas and on the high 
embedded rocks, to cry thence:

Salut au monde!
What cities the light or warmth penetrates I penetrate those cities 
myself,
All islands to which birds wing their way I wing my way myself.

Toward you all, in America's name,
I raise high the perpendicular hand, I make the signal,
To remain after me in sight forever,
For all the haunts and homes of men.



SONG OF THE OPEN ROAD.



AFOOT and lighthearted I take to the open road,
Healthy, free, the world before me,
The long brown path before me leading wherever I choose.



                                      



Henceforth I ask not goodfortune, I myself am goodfortune,
Henceforth I whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing,
Done with indoor complaints, libraries, querulous criticisms,
Strong and content I travel the open road.

The earth, that is sufficient,
I do not want the constellations any nearer,
I know they are very well where they are,
I know they suffice for those who belong to them.

(Still here I carry my old delicious burdens,
I carry them, men and women, I carry them with me wherever I go,
I swear it is impossible for me to get rid of them,
I am fill'd with them, and I will fill them in return.)




You road I enter upon and look around, I believe you are not all 
that is here,
I believe that much unseen is also here.

Here the profound lesson of reception, nor preference nor denial,
The black with his woolly head, the felon, the diseas'd, the illiterate 
person, are not denied;
The birth, the hasting after the physician, the beggar's tramp, the 
drunkard's stagger, the laughing party of mechanics,
The escaped youth, the rich person's carriage, the fop, the eloping 
couple,
The early marketman, the hearse, the moving of furniture into the 
town, the return back from the town,
They pass, I also pass, any thing passes, none can be interdicted,
None but are accepted, none but shall be dear to me.




You air that serves me with breath to speak!
You objects that call from diffusion my meanings and give them 
shape!
You light that wraps me and all things in delicate equable showers!
You paths worn in the irregular hollows by the roadsides!
I believe you are latent with unseen existences, you are so dear 
to me.

You flagg'd walks of the cities! you strong curbs at the edges!
You ferries! you planks and posts of wharves! you timberlined 
sides! you distant ships!


                                      



You rows of houses! you windowpierc'd faades! you roofs!
You porches and entrances! you copings and iron guards!
You windows whose transparent shells might expose so much!
You doors and ascending steps! you arches!
You gray stones of interminable pavements! you trodden crossings!
From all that has touch'd you I believe you have imparted to 
yourselves, and now would impart the same secretly to me,
From the living and the dead you have peopled your impassive 
surfaces, and the spirits thereof would be evident and 
amicable with me.




The earth expanding right hand and left hand,
The picture alive, every part in its best light,
The music falling in where it is wanted, and stopping where it is 
not wanted,
The cheerful voice of the public road, the gay fresh sentiment of 
the road.

O highway I travel, do you say to me Do not leave me?
Do you say Venture notif you leave me you are lost?
Do you say I am already prepared, I am wellbeaten and un
denied, adhere to me?

O public road, I say back I am not afraid to leave you, yet I love 
you,
You express me better than I can express myself,
You shall be more to me than my poem.

I think heroic deeds were all conceiv'd in the open air, and all 
free poems also,
I think I could stop here myself and do miracles,
I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like, and who
ever beholds me shall like me,
I think whoever I see must be happy.




From this hour I ordain myself loos'd of limits and imaginary 
lines,
Going where I list, my own master total and absolute,
Listening to others, considering well what they say,
Pausing, searching, receiving, contemplating,
Gently, but with undeniable will, divesting myself of the holds 
that would hold me.



                                      



I inhale great draughts of space,
The east and the west are mine, and the north and the south are 
mine.

I am larger, better than I thought,
I did not know I held so much goodness.

All seems beautiful to me,
I can repeat over to men and women You have done such good 
to me I would do the same to you,
I will recruit for myself and you as I go,
I will scatter myself among men and women as I go,
I will toss a new gladness and roughness among them,
Whoever denies me it shall not trouble me,
Whoever accepts me he or she shall be blessed and shall bless me.




Now if a thousand perfect men were to appear it would not amaze 
me,
Now if a thousand beautiful forms of women appear'd it would 
not astonish me.

Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons,
It is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.

Here a great personal deed has room,
(Such a deed seizes upon the hearts of the whole race of men,
Its effusion of strength and will overwhelms law and mocks all 
authority and all argument against it.)

Here is the test of wisdom,
Wisdom is not finally tested in schools,
Wisdom cannot be pass'd from one having it to another not 
having it,
Wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof,
Applies to all stages and objects and qualities and is content,
Is the certainty of the reality and immortality of things, and the 
excellence of things;
Something there is in the float of the sight of things that provokes 
it out of the soul.

Now I reexamine philosophies and religions,
They may prove well in lecturerooms, yet not prove at all under 
the spacious clouds and along the landscape and flowing 
currents.



                                      



Here is realization,
Here is a man talliedhe realizes here what he has in him,
The past, the future, majesty, loveif they are vacant of you,
you are vacant of them.

Only the kernel of every object nourishes;
Where is he who tears off the husks for you and me?
Where is he that undoes stratagems and envelopes for you and me?

Here is adhesiveness, it is not previously fashion'd, it is apropos;
Do you know what it is as you pass to be loved by strangers?
Do you know the talk of those turning eyeballs?




Here is the efflux of the soul,
The efflux of the soul comes from within through embower'd 
gates, ever provoking questions,
These yearnings why are they? these thoughts in the darkness 
why are they?
Why are there men and women that while they are nigh me the 
sunlight expands my blood?
Why when they leave me do my pennants of joy sink flat and lank?
Why are there trees I never walk under but large and melodious 
thoughts descend upon me?
(I think they hang there winter and summer on those trees and 
always drop fruit as I pass;)
What is it I interchange so suddenly with strangers?
What with some driver as I ride on the seat by his side?
What with some fisherman drawing his seine by the shore as I 
walk by and pause?
What gives me to be free to a woman's and man's goodwill?
what gives them to be free to mine?




The efflux of the soul is happiness, here is happiness,
I think it pervades the open air, waiting at all times,
Now it flows unto us, we are rightly charged.

Here rises the fluid and attaching character,
The fluid and attaching character is the freshness and sweetness 
of man and woman,
(The herbs of the morning sprout no fresher and sweeter every 
day out of the roots of themselves, than it sprouts fresh 
and sweet continually out of itself.)



                                      



Toward the fluid and attaching character exudes the sweat of the 
love of young and old,
From it falls distill'd the charm that mocks beauty and attainments,
Toward it heaves the shuddering longing ache of contact.




Allons! whoever you are come travel with me!
Traveling with me you find what never tires.

The earth never tires,
The earth is rude, silent, incomprehensible at first, Nature is rude 
and incomprehensible at first,
Be not discouraged, keep on, there are divine things well envelop'd,
I swear to you there are divine things more beautiful than words 
can tell.

Allons! we must not stop here,
However sweet these laidup stores, however convenient this dwell
ing we cannot remain here,
However shelter'd this port and however calm these waters we 
must not anchor here,
However welcome the hospitality that surrounds us we are per
mitted to receive it but a little while.




Allons! the inducements shall be greater,
We will sail pathless and wild seas,
We will go where winds blow, waves dash, and the Yankee clipper 
speeds by under full sail.

Allons! with power, liberty, the earth, the elements,
Health, defiance, gayety, selfesteem, curiosity;
Allons! from all formules!
From your formules, O bateyed and materialistic priests.

The stale cadaver blocks up the passagethe burial waits no 
longer.

Allons! yet take warning!
He traveling with me needs the best blood, thews, endurance,
None may come to the trial till he or she bring courage and health,
Come not here if you have already spent the best of yourself,
Only those may come who come in sweet and determin'd bodies,
No diseas'd person, no rumdrinker or venereal taint is permitted 
here.



                                      



(I and mine do not convince by arguments, similes, rhymes,
We convince by our presence.)




Listen! I will be honest with you,
I do not offer the old smooth prizes, but offer rough new prizes,
These are the days that must happen to you:
You shall not heap up what is call'd riches,
You shall scatter with lavish hand all that you earn or achieve,
You but arrive at the city to which you were destin'd, you hardly 
settle yourself to satisfaction before you are call'd by an 
irresistible call to depart,
You shall be treated to the ironical smiles and mockings of those 
who remain behind you,
What beckonings of love you receive you shall only answer with 
passionate kisses of parting,
You shall not allow the hold of those who spread their reach'd 
hands toward you.




Allons! after the great Companions, and to belong to them!
They too are on the roadthey are the swift and majestic men
they are the greatest women,
Enjoyers of calms of seas and storms of seas,
Sailors of many a ship, walkers of many a mile of land,
Habitus of many distant countries, habitus of fardistant dwellings,
Trusters of men and women, observers of cities, solitary toilers,
Pausers and contemplators of tufts, blossoms, shells of the shore,
Dancers at weddingdances, kissers of brides, tender helpers of 
children, bearers of children,
Soldiers of revolts, standers by gaping graves, lowerersdown of 
coffins,
Journeyers over consecutive seasons, over the years, the curious 
years each emerging from that which preceded it,
Journeyers as with companions, namely their own diverse phases,
Forthsteppers from the latent unrealized babydays,
Journeyers gayly with their own youth, journeyers with their 
bearded and wellgrain'd manhood,
Journeyers with their womanhood, ample, unsurpass'd, content,
Journeyers with their own sublime old age of manhood or woman
hood,
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the 
universe,
Old age, flowing free with the delicious nearby freedom of death.




                                      





Allons! to that which is endless as it was beginningless,
To undergo much, tramps of days, rests of nights,
To merge all in the travel they tend to, and the days and nights 
they tend to,
Again to merge them in the start of superior journeys,
To see nothing anywhere but what you may reach it and pass it,
To conceive no time, however distant, but what you may reach it 
and pass it,
To look up or down no road but it stretches and waits for you,
however long but it stretches and waits for you,
To see no being, not God's or any, but you also go thither,
To see no possession, but you may possess it, enjoying all without 
labor or purchase, abstracting the feast yet not abstracting 
one particle of it,
To take the best of the farmer's farm and the rich man's elegant 
villa, and the chaste blessings of the wellmarried couple,
and the fruits of orchards and flowers of gardens,
To take to your use out of the compact cities as you pass through,
To carry buildings and streets with you afterward wherever you go,
To gather the minds of men out of their brains as you encounter 
them, to gather the love out of their hearts,
To take your lovers on the road with you, for all that you leave 
them behind you,
To know the universe itself as a road, as many roads, as roads for 
traveling souls.

All parts away for the progress of souls,
All religion, all solid things, arts, governmentsall that was or is 
apparent upon this globe or any globe, falls into niches and 
corners before the procession of souls along the grand roads 
of the universe.

Of the progress of the souls of men and women along the grand 
roads of the universe, all other progress is the needed 
emblem and sustenance.

Forever alive, forever forward,
Stately, solemn, sad, withdrawn, baffled, mad, turbulent, feeble,
dissatisfied,
Desperate, proud, fond, sick, accepted by men, rejected by men,
They go! they go! I know that they go, but I know not where 
they go,
But I know that they go toward the besttoward something 
great.



                                      



Whoever you are, come forth! or man or woman come forth!
You must not stay sleeping and dallying there in the house,
though you built it, or though it has been built for you.

Out of the dark confinement! out from behind the screen!
It is useless to protest, I know all and expose it.

Behold through you as bad as the rest,
Through the laughter, dancing, dining, supping, of people,
Inside of dresses and ornaments, inside of those wash'd and 
trimm'd faces,
Behold a secret silent loathing and despair.

No husband, no wife, no friend, trusted to hear the confession,
Another self, a duplicate of every one, skulking and hiding it goes,
Formless and wordless through the streets of the cities, polite and 
bland in the parlors,
In the cars of railroads, in steamboats, in the public assembly,
Home to the houses of men and women, at the table, in the bed
room, everywhere,
Smartly attired, countenance smiling, form upright, death under 
the breastbones, hell under the skullbones,
Under the broadcloth and gloves, under the ribbons and artificial 
flowers,
Keeping fair with the customs, speaking not a syllable of itself,
Speaking of any thing else but never of itself.




Allons! through struggles and wars!
The goal that was named cannot be countermanded.

Have the past struggles succeeded?
What has succeeded? yourself? your nation? Nature?
Now understand me wellit is provided in the essence of things 
that from any fruition of success, no matter what, shall 
come forth something to make a greater struggle necessary.

My call is the call of battle, I nourish active rebellion,
He going with me must go well arm'd,
He going with me goes often with spare diet, poverty, angry 
enemies, desertions.




Allons! the road is before us!
It is safeI have tried itmy own feet have tried it wellbe 
not detain'd!



                                      



Let the paper remain on the desk unwritten, and the book on the 
shelf unopen'd!
Let the tools remain in the workshop! let the money remain 
unearn'd!
Let the school stand! mind not the cry of the teacher!
Let the preacher preach in his pulpit! let the lawyer plead in the 
court, and the judge expound the law.

Camerado, I give you my hand!
I give you my love more precious than money,
I give you myself before preaching or law;
Will you give me yourself? will you come travel with me?
Shall we stick by each other as long as we live?



CROSSING BROOKLYN FERRY.



FLOODTIDE below me! I see you face to face!
Clouds of the westsun there half an hour highI see you 
also face to face.

Crowds of men and women attired in the usual costumes, how 
curious you are to me!
On the ferryboats the hundreds and hundreds that cross, return
ing home, are more curious to me than you suppose,
And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are 
more to me, and more in my meditations, than you might 
suppose.




The impalpable sustenance of me from all things at all hours of 
the day,
The simple, compact, welljoin'd scheme, myself disintegrated,
every one disintegrated yet part of the scheme,
The similitudes of the past and those of the future,
The glories strung like beads on my smallest sights and hearings,
on the walk in the street and the passage over the river,
The current rushing so swiftly and swimming with me far away,
The others that are to follow me, the ties between me and them,
The certainty of others, the life, love, sight, hearing of others.

Others will enter the gates of the ferry and cross from shore to 
shore,


                                      



Others will watch the run of the floodtide,
Others will see the shipping of Manhattan north and west, and 
the heights of Brooklyn to the south and east,
Others will see the islands large and small;
Fifty years hence, others will see them as they cross, the sun half 
an hour high,
A hundred years hence, or ever so many hundred years hence,
others will see them,
Will enjoy the sunset, the pouringin of the floodtide, the falling
back to the sea of the ebbtide.




It avails not, time nor placedistance avails not,
I am with you, you men and women of a generation, or ever so 
many generations hence,
Just as you feel when you look on the river and sky, so I felt,
Just as any of you is one of a living crowd, I was one of a crowd,
Just as you are refresh'd by the gladness of the river and the 
bright flow, I was refresh'd,
Just as you stand and lean on the rail, yet hurry with the swift 
current, I stood yet was hurried,
Just as you look on the numberless masts of ships and the thick
stemm'd pipes of steamboats, I look'd.

I too many and many a time cross'd the river of old,
Watched the Twelfthmonth seagulls, saw them high in the air 
floating with motionless wings, oscillating their bodies,
Saw how the glistening yellow lit up parts of their bodies and left 
the rest in strong shadow,
Saw the slowwheeling circles and the gradual edging toward the 
south,
Saw the reflection of the summer sky in the water,
Had my eyes dazzled by the shimmering track of beams,
Look'd at the fine centrifugal spokes of light round the shape of 
my head in the sunlit water,
Look'd on the haze on the hills southward and southwestward,
Look'd on the vapor as it flew in fleeces tinged with violet,
Look'd toward the lower bay to notice the vessels arriving,
Saw their approach, saw aboard those that were near me,
Saw the white sails of schooners and sloops, saw the ships at anchor,
The sailors at work in the rigging or out astride the spars,
The round masts, the swinging motion of the hulls, the slender 
serpentine pennants,
The large and small steamers in motion, the pilots in their pilot
houses,


                                      



The white wake left by the passage, the quick tremulous whirl of 
the wheels,
The flags of all nations, the falling of them at sunset,
The scallopedged waves in the twilight, the ladled cups, the 
frolicsome crests and glistening,
The stretch afar growing dimmer and dimmer, the gray walls of 
the granite storehouses by the docks,
On the river the shadowy group, the big steamtug closely flank'd 
on each side by the barges, the hayboat, the belated 
lighter,
On the neighboring shore the fires from the foundry chimneys 
burning high and glaringly into the night,
Casting their flicker of black contrasted with wild red and yellow 
light over the tops of houses, and down into the clefts of 
streets.




These and all else were to me the same as they are to you,
I loved well those cities, loved well the stately and rapid river,
The men and women I saw were all near to me,
Others the sameothers who look back on me because I look'd 
forward to them,
(The time will come, though I stop here today and tonight.)




What is it then between us?
What is the count of the scores or hundreds of years between us?

Whatever it is, it avails notdistance avails not, and place avails 
not,
I too lived, Brooklyn of ample hills was mine,
I too walk'd the streets of Manhattan island, and bathed in the 
waters around it,
I too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me,
In the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me,
In my walks home late at night or as I lay in my bed they came 
upon me,
I too had been struck from the float forever held in solution,
I too had receiv'd identity by my body,
That I was I knew was of my body, and what I should be I knew 
I should be of my body.




It is not upon you alone the dark patches fall,
The dark threw its patches down upon me also,


                                      



The best I had done seem'd to me blank and suspicious,
My great thoughts as I supposed them, were they not in reality 
meagre?
Nor is it you alone who know what it is to be evil,
I am he who knew what it was to be evil,
I too knitted the old knot of contrariety,
Blabb'd, blush'd, resented, lied, stole, grudg'd,
Had guile, anger, lust, hot wishes I dared not speak,
Was wayward, vain, greedy, shallow, sly, cowardly, malignant,
The wolf, the snake, the hog, not wanting in me,
The cheating look, the frivolous word, the adulterous wish, not 
wanting,
Refusals, hates, postponements, meanness, laziness, none of these 
wanting,
Was one with the rest, the days and haps of the rest,
Was call'd by my nighest name by clear loud voices of young men 
as they saw me approaching or passing,
Felt their arms on my neck as I stood, or the negligent leaning of 
their flesh against me as I sat,
Saw many I loved in the street or ferryboat or public assembly,
yet never told them a word,
Lived the same life with the rest, the same old laughing, gnawing,
sleeping,
Play'd the part that still looks back on the actor or actress,
The same old role, the role that is what we make it, as great as we 
like,
Or as small as we like, or both great and small.




Closer yet I approach you,
What thought you have of me now, I had as much of youI laid 
in my stores in advance,
I consider'd long and seriously of you before you were born.

Who was to know what should come home to me?
Who knows but I am enjoying this?
Who knows, for all the distance, but I am as good as looking at 
you now, for all you cannot see me?




Ah, what can ever be more stately and admirable to me than mast
hemm'd Manhattan?
River and sunset and scallopedg'd waves of floodtide?
The seagulls oscillating their bodies, the hayboat in the twilight,
and the belated lighter?


                                      



What gods can exceed these that clasp me by the hand, and with 
voices I love call me promptly and loudly by my nighest 
name as I approach?
What is more subtle than this which ties me to the woman or man 
that looks in my face?
Which fuses me into you now, and pours my meaning into you?

We understand then do we not?
What I promis'd without mentioning it, have you not accepted?
What the study could not teachwhat the preaching could not 
accomplish is accomplish'd, is it not?




Flow on, river! flow with the floodtide, and ebb with the ebb
tide!
Frolic on, crested and scallopedg'd waves!
Gorgeous clouds of the sunset! drench with your splendor me, or 
the men and women generations after me!
Cross from shore to shore, countless crowds of passengers!
Stand up, tall masts of Mannahatta! stand up, beautiful hills of 
Brooklyn!
Throb, baffled and curious brain! throw out questions and answers!
Suspend here and everywhere, eternal float of solution!
Gaze, loving and thirsting eyes, in the house or street or public 
assembly!
Sound out, voices of young men! loudly and musically call me by 
my nighest name!
Live, old life! play the part that looks back on the actor or actress!
Play the old role, the role that is great or small according as one 
makes it!
Consider, you who peruse me, whether I may not in unknown 
ways be looking upon you;
Be firm, rail over the river, to support those who lean idly, yet 
haste with the hasting current;
Fly on, seabirds! fly sideways, or wheel in large circles high in 
the air;
Receive the summer sky, you water, and faithfully hold it till all 
downcast eyes have time to take it from you!
Diverge, fine spokes of light, from the shape of my head, or any 
one's head, in the sunlit water!
Come on, ships from the lower bay! pass up or down, whitesail'd 
schooners, sloops, lighters!
Flaunt away, flags of all nations! be duly lower'd at sunset!
Burn high your fires, foundry chimneys! cast black shadows at 
nightfall! cast red and yellow light over the tops of the 
houses!


                                      



Appearances, now or henceforth, indicate what you are,
You necessary film, continue to envelop the soul,
About my body for me, and your body for you, be hung out 
divinest aromas,
Thrive, citiesbring your freight, bring your shows, ample and 
sufficient rivers,
Expand, being than which none else is perhaps more spiritual,
Keep your places, objects than which none else is more lasting.

You have waited, you always wait, you dumb, beautiful ministers,
We receive you with free sense at last, and are insatiate hence
forward,
Not you any more shall be able to foil us, or withhold yourselves 
from us,
We use you, and do not cast you asidewe plant you perma
nently within us,
We fathom you notwe love youthere is perfection in you also,
You furnish your parts toward eternity,
Great or small, you furnish your parts toward the soul.



SONG OF THE ANSWERER.



NOW list to my morning's romanza, I tell the signs of the Answerer,
To the cities and farms I sing as they spread in the sunshine 
before me.

A young man comes to me bearing a message from his brother,
How shall the young man know the whether and when of his 
brother?
Tell him to send me the signs.

And I stand before the young man face to face, and take his right 
hand in my left hand and his left hand in my right hand,
And I answer for his brother and for men, and I answer for him 
that answers for all, and send these signs.

Him all wait for, him all yield up to, his word is decisive and final,
Him they accept, in him lave, in him perceive themselves as amid 
light,
Him they immerse and he immerses them.



                                      



Beautiful women, the haughtiest nations, laws, the landscape,
people, animals,
The profound earth and its attributes and the unquiet ocean, (so 
tell I my morning's romanza,)
All enjoyments and properties and money, and whatever money 
will buy,
The best farms, others toiling and planting and he unavoidably 
reaps,
The noblest and costliest cities, others grading and building and 
he domiciles there,
Nothing for any one but what is for him, near and far are for him,
the ships in the offing,
The perpetual shows and marches on land are for him if they are 
for anybody.

He puts things in their attitudes,
He puts today out of himself with plasticity and love,
He places his own times, reminiscences, parents, brothers and 
sisters, associations, employment, politics, so that the rest 
never shame them afterward, nor assume to command 
them.

He is the Answerer,
What can be answer'd he answers, and what cannot be answer'd 
he shows how it cannot be answer'd.

A man is a summons and challenge,
(It is vain to skulkdo you hear that mocking and laughter? do 
you hear the ironical echoes?)

Books, friendships, philosophers, priests, action, pleasure, pride,
beat up and down seeking to give satisfaction,
He indicates the satisfaction, and indicates them that beat up and 
down also.

Whichever the sex, whatever the season or place, he may go freshly 
and gently and safely by day or by night,
He has the passkey of hearts, to him the response of the prying 
of hands on the knobs.

His welcome is universal, the flow of beauty is not more welcome 
or universal than he is,
The person he favors by day or sleeps with at night is blessed.

Every existence has its idiom, every thing has an idiom and tongue,


                                      



He resolves all tongues into his own and bestows it upon men, and 
any man translates, and any man translates himself also,
One part does not counteract another part, he is the joiner, he 
sees how they join.

He says indifferently and alike How are you friend? to the 
President at his levee,
And he says Goodday my brother, to Cudge that hoes in the 
sugarfield,
And both understand him and know that his speech is right.

He walks with perfect ease in the capitol,
He walks among the Congress, and one Representative says to 
another, Here is our equal appearing and new.

Then the mechanics take him for a mechanic,
And the soldiers suppose him to be a soldier, and the sailors that 
he has follow'd the sea,
And the authors take him for an author, and the artists for an 
artist,
And the laborers perceive he could labor with them and love them,
No matter what the work is, that he is the one to follow it or has 
follow'd it,
No matter what the nation, that he might find his brothers and 
sisters there.

The English believe he comes of their English stock,
A Jew to the Jew he seems, a Russ to the Russ, usual and near,
removed from none.

Whoever he looks at in the traveler's coffeehouse claims him,
The Italian or Frenchman is sure, the German is sure, the Spaniard 
is sure, and the island Cuban is sure,
The engineer, the deckhand on the great lakes, or on the Missis
sippi or St. Lawrence or Sacramento, or Hudson or Pau
manok sound, claims him.

The gentleman of perfect blood acknowledges his perfect blood,
The insulter, the prostitute, the angry person, the beggar, see 
themselves in the ways of him, he strangely transmutes them,
They are not vile any more, they hardly know themselves they are 
so grown.




The indications and tally of time,
Perfect sanity shows the master among philosophs,


                                      



Time, always without break, indicates itself in parts,
What always indicates the poet is the crowd of the pleasant com
pany of singers, and their words,
The words of the singers are the hours or minutes of the light or 
dark, but the words of the maker of poems are the general 
light and dark,
The maker of poems settles justice, reality, immortality,
His insight and power encircle things and the human race,
He is the glory and extract thus far of things and of the human 
race.

The singers do not beget, only the Poet begets,
The singers are welcom'd, understood, appear often enough, but 
rare has the day been, likewise the spot, of the birth of the 
maker of poems, the Answerer,
(Not every century nor every five centuries has contain'd such a 
day, for all its names.)

The singers of successive hours of centuries may have ostensible 
names, but the name of each of them is one of the singers,
The name of each is, eyesinger, earsinger, headsinger, sweet
singer, nightsinger, parlorsinger, lovesinger, weirdsinger,
or something else.

All this time and at all times wait the words of true poems,
The words of true poems do not merely please,
The true poets are not followers of beauty but the august masters 
of beauty;
The greatness of sons is the exuding of the greatness of mothers 
and fathers,
The words of true poems are the tuft and final applause of science.

Divine instinct, breadth of vision, the law of reason, health, rudeness 
of body, withdrawnness,
Gayety, suntan, airsweetness, such are some of the words of poems.

The sailor and traveler underlie the makers of poems, the Answerer,
The builder, geometer, chemist, anatomist, phrenologist, artist, all 
these underlie the maker of poems, the Answerer.

The words of the true poems give you more than poems,
They give you to form for yourself poems, religions, politics, war,
peace, behavior, histories, essays, daily life, and every thing 
else,
They balance ranks, colors, races, creeds, and the sexes,


                                      



They do not seek beauty, they are sought,
Forever touching them or close upon them follows beauty, longing,
fain, lovesick.

They prepare for death, yet are they not the finish, but rather the 
outset,
They bring none to his or her terminus or to be content and full,
Whom they take they take into space to behold the birth of stars,
to learn one of the meanings,
To launch off with absolute faith, to sweep through the ceaseless 
rings and never be quiet again.



OUR OLD FEUILLAGE.

ALWAYS our old feuillage!
Always Florida's green peninsulaalways the priceless delta of 
Louisianaalways the cottonfields of Alabama and Texas,
Always California's golden hills and hollows, and the silver moun
tains of New Mexicoalways softbreath'd Cuba,
Always the vast slope drain'd by the Southern sea, inseparable with 
the slopes drain'd by the Eastern and Western seas,
The area the eightythird year of these States, the three and a half 
millions of square miles,
The eighteen thousand miles of seacoast and baycoast on the 
main, the thirty thousand miles of river navigation,
The seven millions of distinct families and the same number of 
dwellingsalways these, and more, branching forth into 
numberless branches,
Always the free range and diversityalways the continent of 
Democracy;
Always the prairies, pastures, forests, vast cities, travelers, Kanada, 
the snows;
Always these compact lands tied at the hips with the belt stringing 
the huge oval lakes;
Always the West with strong native persons, the increasing density 
there, the habitans, friendly, threatening, ironical, scorning 
invaders;
All sights, South, North, Eastall deeds, promiscuously done at 
all times,
All characters, movements, growths, a few noticed, myriads unno
ticed,
Through Mannahatta's streets I walking, these things gathering,


                                      



On interior rivers by night in the glare of pine knots, steamboats 
wooding up,
Sunlight by day on the valley of the Susquehanna, and on the 
valleys of the Potomac and Rappahannock, and the valleys 
of the Roanoke and Delaware,
In their northerly wilds beasts of prey haunting the Adirondacks 
the hills, or lapping the Saginaw waters to drink,
In a lonesome inlet a sheldrake lost from the flock, sitting on the 
water rocking silently,
In farmers' barns oxen in the stable, their harvest labor done, they 
rest standing, they are too tired,
Afar on arctic ice the shewalrus lying drowsily while her cubs play 
around,
The hawk sailing where men have not yet sail'd, the farthest polar 
sea, ripply, crystalline, open, beyond the floes,
White drift spooning ahead where the ship in the tempest dashes,
On solid land what is done in cities as the bells strike midnight 
together,
In primitive woods the sounds there also sounding, the howl of the 
wolf, the scream of the panther, and the hoarse bellow of 
the elk,
In winter beneath the hard blue ice of Moosehead lake, in summer 
visible through the clear waters, the great trout swimming,
In lower latitudes in warmer air in the Carolinas the large black 
buzzard floating slowly high beyond the tree tops,
Below, the red cedar festoon'd with tylandria, the pines and 
cypresses growing out of the white sand that spreads far 
and flat,
Rude boats descending the big Pedee, climbing plants, parasites 
with color'd flowers and berries enveloping huge trees,
The waving drapery on the liveoak trailing long and low, noise
lessly waved by the wind,
The camp of Georgia wagoners just after dark, the supperfires 
and the cooking and eating by whites and negroes,
Thirty or forty great wagons, the mules, cattle, horses, feeding 
from troughs,
The shadows, gleams, up under the leaves of the old sycamore
trees, the flames with the black smoke from the pitchpine 
curling and rising;
Southern fishermen fishing, the sounds and inlets of North Caro
lina's coast, the shadfishery and the herringfishery, the 
large sweepseines, the windlasses on shore work'd by 
horses, the clearing, curing, and packinghouses;
Deep in the forest in piney woods turpentine dropping from the 
incisions in the trees, there are the turpentine works,


                                      



There are the negroes at work in good health, the ground in all 
directions is cover'd with pine straw;
In Tennessee and Kentucky slaves busy in the coalings, at the 
forge, by the furnaceblaze, or at the cornshucking,
In Virginia, the planter's son returning after a long absence, joy
fully welcom'd and kiss'd by the aged mulatto nurse,
On rivers boatmen safely moor'd at nightfall in their boats under 
shelter of high banks,
Some of the younger men dance to the sound of the banjo or 
fiddle, others sit on the gunwale smoking and talking;
Late in the afternoon the mockingbird, the American mimic, 
singing in the Great Dismal Swamp,
There are the greenish waters, the resinous odor, the plenteous 
moss, the cypresstree, and the junipertree;
Northward, young men of Mannahatta, the target company from 
an excursion returning home at evening, the musketmuz
zles all bear bunches of flowers presented by women;
Children at play, or on his father's lap a young boy fallen asleep, 
(how his lips move! how he smiles in his sleep!)
The scout riding on horseback over the plains west of the Missis
sippi, he ascends a knoll and sweeps his eyes around;
California life, the miner, bearded, dress'd in his rude costume, 
the stanch California friendship, the sweet air, the graves 
one in passing meets solitary just aside the horsepath;
Down in Texas the cottonfield, the negrocabins, drivers driving 
mules or oxen before rude carts, cotton bales piled on 
banks and wharves;
Encircling all, vastdarting up and wide, the American Soul, with 
equal hemispheres, one Love, one Dilation or Pride;
In arriere the peacetalk with the Iroquois the aborigines, the 
calumet, the pipe of goodwill, arbitration, and indorse
ment,
The sachem blowing the smoke first toward the sun and then 
toward the earth,
The drama of the scalpdance enacted with painted faces and 
guttural exclamations,
The setting out of the warparty, the long and stealthy march,
The single file, the swinging hatchets, the surprise and slaughter 
of enemies;
All the acts, scenes, ways, persons, attitudes of these States, 
reminiscences, institutions,
All these States compact, every square mile of these States without 
excepting a particle;
Me pleas'd, rambling in lanes and country fields, Paumanok's 
fields,


                                      



Observing the spiral flight of two little yellow butterflies shuffling 
between each other, ascending high in the air,
The darting swallow, the destroyer of insects, the fall traveler 
southward but returning northward early in the spring,
The country boy at the close of the day driving the herd of cows 
and shouting to them as they loiter to browse by the road
side,
The city wharf, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, New 
Orleans, San Francisco,
The departing ships when the sailors heave at the capstan;
Eveningme in my roomthe setting sun,
The setting summer sun shining in my open window, showing the 
swarm of flies, suspended, balancing in the air in the centre 
of the room, darting athwart, up and down, casting swift 
shadows in specks on the opposite wall where the shine is;
The athletic American matron speaking in public to crowds of 
listeners,
Males, females, immigrants, combinations, the copiousness, the 
individuality of the States, each for itselfthe money
makers,
Factories, machinery, the mechanical forces, the windlass, lever, 
pulley, all certainties,
The certainty of space, increase, freedom, futurity,
In space the sporades, the scatter'd islands, the starson the 
firm earth, the lands, my lands,
O lands! all so dear to mewhat you are, (whatever it is,) I 
putting it at random in these songs, become a part of that, 
whatever it is,
Southward there, I screaming, with wings slow flapping, with the 
myriads of gulls wintering along the coasts of Florida,
Otherways there atwixt the banks of the Arkansaw, the Rio 
Grande, the Nueces, the Brazos, the Tombigbee, the Red 
River, the Saskatchawan or the Osage, I with the spring 
waters laughing and skipping and running,
Northward, on the sands, on some shallow bay of Paumanok, I 
with parties of snowy herons wading in the wet to seek 
worms and aquatic plants,
Retreating, triumphantly twittering, the kingbird, from piercing 
the crow with its bill, for amusementand I triumphantly 
twittering,
The migrating flock of wild geese alighting in autumn to refresh 
themselves, the body of the flock feed, the sentinels out
side move around with erect heads watching, and are from 
time to time reliev'd by other sentinelsand I feeding 
and taking turns with the rest,


                                      



In Kanadian forests the moose, large as an ox, corner'd by 
hunters, rising desperately on his hindfeet, and plunging 
with his forefeet, the hoofs as sharp as knivesand I, 
plunging at the hunters, corner'd and desperate,
In the Mannahatta, streets, piers, shipping, storehouses, and the 
countless workmen working in the shops,
And I too of the Mannahatta, singing thereofand no less in 
myself than the whole of the Mannahatta in itself,
Singing the song of These, my everunited landsmy body no 
more inevitably united, part to part, and made out of a 
thousand diverse contributions one identity, any more than 
my lands are inevitably united and made ONE IDENTITY;
Nativities, climates, the grass of the great pastoral Plains,
Cities, labors, death, animals, products, war, good and evil
these me,
These affording, in all their particulars, the old feuillage to me 
and to America, how can I do less than pass the clew of 
the union of them, to afford the like to you?
Whoever you are! how can I but offer you divine leaves, that you 
also be eligible as I am?
How can I but as here chanting, invite you for yourself to collect 
bouquets of the incomparable feuillage of these States?


A SONG OF JOYS.

O TO make the most jubilant song!
Full of musicfull of manhood, womanhood, infancy!
Full of common employmentsfull of grain and trees.

O for the voices of animalsO for the swiftness and balance of 
fishes!
O for the dropping of raindrops in a song!
O for the sunshine and motion of waves in a song!

O the joy of my spiritit is uncagedit darts like lightning!
It is not enough to have this globe or a certain time,
I will have thousands of globes and all time.

O the engineer's joys! to go with a locomotive!
To hear the hiss of steam, the merry shriek, the steamwhistle, the 
laughing locomotive!
To push with resistless way and speed off in the distance.



                                      



O the gleesome saunter over fields and hillsides!
The leaves and flowers of the commonest weeds, the moist fresh 
stillness of the woods,
The exquisite smell of the earth at daybreak, and all through the 
forenoon.

O the horseman's and horsewoman's joys!
The saddle, the gallop, the pressure upon the seat, the cool gurgling 
by the ears and hair.

O the fireman's joys!
I hear the alarm at dead of night,
I hear bells, shouts! I pass the crowd, I run!
The sight of the flames maddens me with pleasure.

O the joy of the strongbrawn'd fighter, towering in the arena in 
perfect condition, conscious of power, thirsting to meet his 
opponent.

O the joy of that vast elemental sympathy which only the human 
soul is capable of generating and emitting in steady and 
limitless floods.

O the mother's joys!
The watching, the endurance, the precious love, the anguish, the 
patiently yielded life.

O the joy of increase, growth, recuperation,
The joy of soothing and pacifying, the joy of concord and harmony.

O to go back to the place where I was born,
To hear the birds sing once more,
To ramble about the house and barn and over the fields once more,
And through the orchard and along the old lanes once more.

O to have been brought up on bays, lagoons, creeks, or along the 
coast,
To continue and be employ'd there all my life,
The briny and damp smell, the shore, the salt weeds exposed at 
low water,
The work of fishermen, the work of the eelfisher and clamfisher;
I come with my clamrake and spade, I come with my eelspear,
Is the tide out? I join the group of clamdiggers on the flats,
I laugh and work with them, I joke at my work like a mettlesome 
young man;


                                      



In winter I take my eelbasket and eelspear and travel out on foot 
on the iceI have a small axe to cut holes in the ice,
Behold me wellclothed going gayly or returning in the afternoon, 
my brood of tough boys accompanying me,
My brood of grown and partgrown boys, who love to be with no 
one else so well as they love to be with me,
By day to work with me, and by night to sleep with me.

Another time in warm weather out in a boat, to lift the lobsterpots 
where they are sunk with heavy stones, (I know the 
buoys,)
O the sweetness of the Fifthmonth morning upon the water as I 
row just before sunrise toward the buoys,
I pull the wicker pots up slantingly, the dark green lobsters are 
desperate with their claws as I take them out, I insert 
wooden pegs in the joints of their pincers,
I go to all the places one after another, and then row back to the 
shore,
There in a huge kettle of boiling water the lobsters shall be boil'd 
till their color becomes scarlet.

Another time mackereltaking,
Voracious, mad for the hook, near the surface, they seem to fill the 
water for miles;
Another time fishing for rockfish in Chesapeake bay, I one of the 
brownfaced crew;
Another time trailing for bluefish off Paumanok, I stand with 
braced body,
My left foot is on the gunwale, my right arm throws far out the 
coils of slender rope,
In sight around me the quick veering and darting of fifty skiffs, 
my companions.

O boating on the rivers,
The voyage down the St. Lawrence, the superb scenery, the 
steamers,
The ships sailing, the Thousand Islands, the occasional timberraft 
and the raftsmen with longreaching sweepoars,
The little huts on the rafts, and the stream of smoke when they 
cook supper at evening.

(O something pernicious and dread!
Something far away from a puny and pious life!
Something unproved! something in a trance!
Something escaped from the anchorage and driving free.)



                                      



O to work in mines, or forging iron,
Foundry casting, the foundry itself, the rude high roof, the ample 
and shadow'd space,
The furnace, the hot liquid pour'd out and running.

O to resume the joys of the soldier!
To feel the presence of a brave commanding officerto feel his 
sympathy!
To behold his calmnessto be warm'd in the rays of his smile!
To go to battleto hear the bugles play and the drums beat!
To hear the crash of artilleryto see the glittering of the bayonets 
and musketbarrels in the sun!
To see men fall and die and not complain!
To taste the savage taste of bloodto be so devilish!
To gloat so over the wounds and deaths of the enemy.

O the whaleman's joys! O I cruise my old cruise again!
I feel the ship's motion under me, I feel the Atlantic breezes fan
ning me,
I hear the cry again sent down from the masthead, Thereshe 
blows!
Again I spring up the rigging to look with the restwe descend, 
wild with excitement,
I leap in the lower'd boat, we row toward our prey where he lies,
We approach stealthy and silent, I see the mountainous mass, 
lethargic, basking,
I see the harpooneer standing up, I see the weapon dart from his 
vigorous arm;
O swift again far out in the ocean the wounded whale, settling, 
running to windward, tows me,
Again I see him rise to breathe, we row close again,
I see a lance driven through his side, press'd deep, turn'd in 
the wound,
Again we back off, I see him settle again, the life is leaving him 
fast,
As he rises he spouts blood, I see him swim in circles narrower 
and narrower, swiftly cutting the waterI see him die,
He gives one convulsive leap in the centre of the circle, and then 
falls flat and still in the bloody foam.

O the old manhood of me, my noblest joy of all!
My children and grandchildren, my white hair and beard,
My largeness, calmness, majesty, out of the long stretch of my life.

O ripen'd joy of womanhood! O happiness at last!


                                      



I am more than eighty years of age, I am the most venerable 
mother,
How clear is my mindhow all people draw nigh to me!
What attractions are these beyond any before? what bloom more 
than the bloom of youth?
What beauty is this that descends upon me and rises out of me?

O the orator's joys!
To inflate the chest, to roll the thunder of the voice out from the 
ribs and throat,
To make the people rage, weep, hate, desire, with yourself,
To lead Americato quell America with a great tongue.

O the joy of my soul leaning pois'd on itself, receiving identity 
through materials and loving them, observing characters 
and absorbing them,
My soul vibrated back to me from them, from sight, hearing, touch, 
reason, articulation, comparison, memory, and the like,
The real life of my senses and flesh transcending my senses and flesh,
My body done with materials, my sight done with my material eyes,
Proved to me this day beyond cavil that it is not my material eyes 
which finally see,
Nor my material body which finally loves, walks, laughs, shouts, 
embraces, procreates.

O the farmer's joys!
Ohioan's, Illinoisian's, Wisconsinese', Kanadian's, Iowan's, Kan
sian's, Missourian's, Oregonese' joys!
To rise at peep of day and pass forth nimbly to work,
To plough land in the fall for wintersown crops,
To plough land in the spring for maize,
To train orchards, to graft the trees, to gather apples in the fall.

O to bathe in the swimmingbath, or in a good place along shore,
To splash the water! to walk ankledeep, or race naked along the 
shore.

O to realize space!
The plenteousness of all, that there are no bounds,
To emerge and be of the sky, of the sun and moon and flying 
clouds, as one with them.

O the joy of a manly selfhood!
To be servile to none, to defer to none, not to any tyrant known 
or unknown,


                                      



To walk with erect carriage, a step springy and elastic,
To look with calm gaze or with a flashing eye,
To speak with a full and sonorous voice out of a broad chest,
To confront with your personality all the other personalities of the 
earth.

Know'st thou the excellent joys of youth?
Joys of the dear companions and of the merry word and laughing 
face?
Joy of the glad lightbeaming day, joy of the widebreath'd games?
Joy of sweet music, joy of the lighted ballroom and the dancers?
Joy of the plenteous dinner, strong carouse and drinking?

Yet O my soul supreme!
Know'st thou the joys of pensive thought?
Joys of the free and lonesome heart, the tender, gloomy heart?
Joys of the solitary walk, the spirit bow'd yet proud, the suffering 
and the struggle?
The agonistic throes, the ecstasies, joys of the solemn musings day 
or night?
Joys of the thought of Death, the great spheres Time and Space?
Prophetic joys of better, loftier love's ideals, the divine wife, the 
sweet, eternal, perfect comrade?
Joys all thine own undying one, joys worthy thee O soul.

O while I live to be the ruler of life, not a slave,
To meet life as a powerful conqueror,
No fumes, no ennui, no more complaints or scornful criticisms,
To these proud laws of the air, the water and the ground, proving 
my interior soul impregnable,
And nothing exterior shall ever take command of me.

For not life's joys alone I sing, repeatingthe joy of death!
The beautiful touch of Death, soothing and benumbing a few 
moments, for reasons,
Myself discharging my excrementitious body to be burn'd, or 
render'd to powder, or buried,
My real body doubtless left to me for other spheres,
My voided body nothing more to me, returning to the purifications, 
further offices, eternal uses of the earth.

O to attract by more than attraction!
How it is I know notyet behold! the something which obeys 
none of the rest,
It is offensive, never defensiveyet how magnetic it draws.



                                      



O to struggle against great odds, to meet enemies undaunted!
To be entirely alone with them, to find how much one can stand!
To look strife, torture, prison, popular odium, face to face!
To mount the scaffold, to advance to the muzzles of guns with 
perfect nonchalance!
To be indeed a God!

O to sail to sea in a ship!
To leave this steady unendurable land,
To leave the tiresome sameness of the streets, the sidewalks and 
the houses,
To leave you O you solid motionless land, and entering a ship,
To sail and sail and sail!

O to have life henceforth a poem of new joys!
To dance, clap hands, exult, shout, skip, leap, roll on, float on!
To be a sailor of the world bound for all ports,
A ship itself, (see indeed these sails I spread to the sun and air,)
A swift and swelling ship full of rich words, full of joys.


SONG OF THE BROADAXE.



WEAPON shapely, naked, wan,
Head from the mother's bowels drawn,
Wooded flesh and metal bone, limb only one and lip only one,
Grayblue leaf by redheat grown, helve produced from a little 
seed sown,
Resting the grass amid and upon,
To be lean'd and to lean on.

Strong shapes and attributes of strong shapes, masculine trades,
sights and sounds,
Long varied train of an emblem, dabs of music,
Fingers of the organist skipping staccato over the keys of the 
great organ.




Welcome are all earth's lands, each for its kind,
Welcome are lands of pine and oak,
Welcome are lands of the lemon and fig,
Welcome are lands of gold,


                                      



Welcome are lands of wheat and maize, welcome those of the 
grape,
Welcome are lands of sugar and rice,
Welcome the cottonlands, welcome those of the white potato 
and sweet potato,
Welcome are mountains, flats, sands, forests, prairies,
Welcome the rich borders of rivers, tablelands, openings,
Welcome the measureless grazinglands, welcome the teeming soil 
of orchards, flax, honey, hemp;
Welcome just as much the other more hardfaced lands,
Lands rich as lands of gold or wheat and fruit lands,
Lands of mines, lands of the manly and rugged ores,
Lands of coal, copper, lead, tin, zinc,
Lands of ironlands of the make of the axe.




The log at the woodpile, the axe supported by it,
The sylvan hut, the vine over the doorway, the space clear'd for a 
garden,
The irregular tapping of rain down on the leaves after the storm 
is lull'd,
The wailing and moaning at intervals, the thought of the sea,
The thought of ships struck in the storm and put on their beam 
ends, and the cutting away of masts,
The sentiment of the huge timbers of oldfashion'd houses and 
barns,
The remember'd print or narrative, the voyage at a venture of 
men, families, goods,
The disembarkation, the founding of a new city,
The voyage of those who sought a New England and found it, the 
outset anywhere,
The settlements of the Arkansas, Colorado, Ottawa, Willamette,
The slow progress, the scant fare, the axe, rifle, saddlebags;
The beauty of all adventurous and daring persons,
The beauty of woodboys and woodmen with their clear un
trimm'd faces,
The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on 
themselves,
The American contempt for statutes and ceremonies, the bound
less impatience of restraint,
The loose drift of character, the inkling through random types,
the solidification;
The butcher in the slaughterhouse, the hands aboard schooners 
and sloops, the raftsman, the pioneer,


                                      



Lumbermen in their winter camp, daybreak in the woods, stripes 
of snow on the limbs of trees, the occasional snapping,
The glad clear sound of one's own voice, the merry song, the 
natural life of the woods, the strong day's work,
The blazing fire at night, the sweet taste of supper, the talk, the 
bed of hemlockboughs and the bearskin;
The housebuilder at work in cities or anywhere,
The preparatory jointing, squaring, sawing, mortising,
The hoistup of beams, the push of them in their places, laying 
them regular,
Setting the studs by their tenons in the mortises according as they 
were prepared,
The blows of mallets and hammers, the attitudes of the men,
their curv'd limbs,
Bending, standing, astride the beams, driving in pins, holding on 
by posts and braces,
The hook'd arm over the plate, the other arm wielding the axe,
The floormen forcing the planks close to be nail'd,
Their postures bringing their weapons downward on the bearers,
The echoes resounding through the vacant building;
The huge storehouse carried up in the city well under way,
The six framingmen, two in the middle and two at each end,
carefully bearing on their shoulders a heavy stick for a 
crossbeam,
The crowded line of masons with trowels in their right hands 
rapidly laying the long sidewall, two hundred feet from 
front to rear,
The flexible rise and fall of backs, the continual click of the 
trowels striking the bricks,
The bricks one after another each laid so workmanlike in its 
place, and set with a knock of the trowelhandle,
The piles of materials, the mortar on the mortarboards, and the 
steady replenishing by the hodmen;
Sparmakers in the sparyard, the swarming row of wellgrown 
apprentices,
The swing of their axes on the squarehew'd log shaping it toward 
the shape of a mast,
The brisk short crackle of the steel driven slantingly into the pine,
The buttercolor'd chips flying off in great flakes and slivers,
The limber motion of brawny young arms and hips in easy cos
tumes,
The constructor of wharves, bridges, piers, bulkheads, floats,
stays against the sea;
The city fireman, the fire that suddenly bursts forth in the close
pack'd square,


                                      



The arriving engines, the hoarse shouts, the nimble stepping and 
daring,
The strong command through the firetrumpets, the falling in line,
the rise and fall of the arms forcing the water,
The slender, spasmic, bluewhite jets, the bringing to bear of the 
hooks and ladders and their execution,
The crash and cut away of connecting woodwork, or through 
floors if the fire smoulders under them,
The crowd with their lit faces watching, the glare and dense 
shadows;
The forger at his forgefurnace and the user of iron after him,
The maker of the axe large and small, and the welder and tem
perer,
The chooser breathing his breath on the cold steel and trying the 
edge with his thumb,
The one who cleanshapes the handle and sets it firmly in the 
socket;
The shadowy processions of the portraits of the past users also,
The primal patient mechanics, the architects and engineers,
The faroff Assyrian edifice and Mizra edifice,
The Roman lictors preceding the consuls,
The antique European warrior with his axe in combat,
The uplifted arm, the clatter of blows on the helmeted head,
The deathhowl, the limpsy tumbling body, the rush of friend and 
foe thither,
The siege of revolted lieges determin'd for liberty,
The summons to surrender, the battering at castle gates, the truce 
and parley,
The sack of an old city in its time,
The bursting in of mercenaries and bigots tumultuously and 
disorderly,
Roar, flames, blood, drunkenness, madness,
Goods freely rifled from houses and temples, screams of women in 
the gripe of brigands,
Craft and thievery of campfollowers, men running, old persons 
despairing,
The hell of war, the cruelties of creeds,
The list of all executive deeds and words just or unjust,
The power of personality just or unjust.




Muscle and pluck forever!
What invigorates life invigorates death,
And the dead advance as much as the living advance,
And the future is no more uncertain than the present,


                                      



For the roughness of the earth and of man encloses as much as 
the delicatesse of the earth and of man,
And nothing endures but personal qualities.

What do you think endures?
Do you think a great city endures?
Or a teeming manufacturing state? or a prepared constitution? or 
the best built steamships?
Or hotels of granite and iron? or any chefd'oeuvres of engineering,
forts, armaments?

Away! these are not to be cherish'd for themselves,
They fill their hour, the dancers dance, the musicians play for 
them,
The show passes, all does well enough of course,
All does very well till one flash of defiance.

A great city is that which has the greatest men and women,
If it be a few ragged huts it is still the greatest city in the whole 
world.




The place where a great city stands is not the place of stretch'd 
wharves, docks, manufactures, deposits of produce merely,
Nor the place of ceaseless salutes of newcomers or the anchor
lifters of the departing,
Nor the place of the tallest and costliest buildings or shops selling 
goods from the rest of the earth,
Nor the place of the best libraries and schools, nor the place where 
money is plentiest,
Nor the place of the most numerous population.

Where the city stands with the brawniest breed of orators and 
bards,
Where the city stands that is belov'd by these, and loves them in 
return and understands them,
Where no monuments exist to heroes but in the common words 
and deeds,
Where thrift is in its place, and prudence is in its place,
Where the men and women think lightly of the laws,
Where the slave ceases, and the master of slaves ceases,
Where the populace rise at once against the neverending audacity 
of elected persons,
Where fierce men and women pour forth as the sea to the whistle 
of death pours its sweeping and unript waves,


                                      



Where outside authority enters always after the precedence of 
inside authority,
Where the citizen is always the head and ideal, and President,
Mayor, Governor and what not, are agents for pay,
Where children are taught to be laws to themselves, and to depend 
on themselves,
Where equanimity is illustrated in affairs,
Where speculations on the soul are encouraged,
Where women walk in public processions in the streets the same 
as the men,
Where they enter the public assembly and take places the same as 
the men;
Where the city of the faithfulest friends stands,
Where the city of the cleanliness of the sexes stands,
Where the city of the healthiest fathers stands,
Where the city of the bestbodied mothers stands,
There the great city stands.




How beggarly appear arguments before a defiant deed!
How the floridness of the materials of cities shrivels before a man's 
or woman's look!

All waits or goes by default till a strong being appears;
A strong being is the proof of the race and of the ability of the 
universe,
When he or she appears materials are overaw'd,
The dispute on the soul stops,
The old customs and phrases are confronted, turn'd back, or laid 
away.

What is your moneymaking now? what can it do now?
What is your respectability now?
What are your theology, tuition, society, traditions, statutebooks,
now?
Where are your jibes of being now?
Where are your cavils about the soul now?




A sterile landscape covers the ore, there is as good as the best for 
all the forbidding appearance,
There is the mine, there are the miners,
The forgefurnace is there, the melt is accomplish'd, the hammers
men are at hand with their tongs and hammers,
What always served and always serves is at hand.



                                      



Than this nothing has better served, it has served all,
Served the fluenttongued and subtlesensed Greek, and long ere 
the Greek,
Served in building the buildings that last longer than any,
Served the Hebrew, the Persian, the most ancient Hindustanee,
Served the moundraiser on the Mississippi, served those whose 
relics remain in Central America,
Served Albic temples in woods or on plains, with unhewn pillars 
and the druids,
Served the artificial clefts, vast, high, silent, on the snowcover'd 
hills of Scandinavia,
Served those who time out of mind made on the granite walls 
rough sketches of the sun, moon, stars, ships, ocean waves,
Served the paths of the irruptions of the Goths, served the pas
toral tribes and nomads,
Served the long distant Kelt, served the hardy pirates of the Baltic,
Served before any of those the venerable and harmless men of 
Ethiopia,
Served the making of helms for the galleys of pleasure and the 
making of those for war,
Served all great works on land and all great works on the sea,
For the mediaeval ages and before the mediaeval ages,
Served not the living only then as now, but served the dead.




I see the European headsman,
He stands mask'd, clothed in red, with huge legs and strong naked 
arms,
And leans on a ponderous axe.

(Whom have you slaughter'd lately European headsman?
Whose is that blood upon you so wet and sticky?)

I see the clear sunsets of the martyrs,
I see from the scaffolds the descending ghosts,
Ghosts of dead lords, uncrown'd ladies, impeach'd ministers,
rejected kings,
Rivals, traitors, poisoners, disgraced chieftains and the rest.

I see those who in any land have died for the good cause,
The seed is spare, nevertheless the crop shall never run out,
(Mind you O foreign kings, O priests, the crop shall never run out.)

I see the blood wash'd entirely away from the axe,
Both blade and helve are clean,


                                      



They spirt no more the blood of European nobles, they clasp no 
more the necks of queens.

I see the headsman withdraw and become useless,
I see the scaffold untrodden and mouldy, I see no longer any axe 
upon it,
I see the mighty and friendly emblem of the power of my own 
race, the newest, largest race.




(America! I do not vaunt my love for you,
I have what I have.)

The axe leaps!
The solid forest gives fluid utterances,
They tumble forth, they rise and form,
Hut, tent, landing, survey,
Flail, plough, pick, crowbar, spade,
Shingle, rail, prop, wainscot, jamb, lath, panel, gable,
Citadel, ceiling, saloon, academy, organ, exhibitionhouse, li
brary,
Cornice, trellis, pilaster, balcony, window, turret, porch,
Hoe, rake, pitchfork, pencil, wagon, staff, saw, jackplane, mallet,
wedge, rounce,
Chair, tub, hoop, table, wicket, vane, sash, floor,
Workbox, chest, string'd instrument, boat, frame, and what not,
Capitols of States, and capitol of the nation of States,
Long stately rows in avenues, hospitals for orphans or for the poor 
or sick,
Manhattan steamboats and clippers taking the measure of all seas.

The shapes arise!
Shapes of the using of axes anyhow, and the users and all that 
neighbors them,
Cutters down of wood and haulers of it to the Penobscot or Ken
nebec,
Dwellers in cabins among the Californian mountains or by the little 
lakes, or on the Columbia,
Dwellers south on the banks of the Gila or Rio Grande, friendly 
gatherings, the characters and fun,
Dwellers along the St. Lawrence, or north in Kanada, or down by 
the Yellowstone, dwellers on coasts and off coasts,
Sealfishers, whalers, arctic seamen breaking passages through the 
ice.



                                      



The shapes arise!
Shapes of factories, arsenals, foundries, markets,
Shapes of the twothreaded tracks of railroads,
Shapes of the sleepers of bridges, vast frameworks, girders, arches,
Shapes of the fleets of barges, tows, lake and canal craft, river craft,
Shipyards and drydocks along the Eastern and Western seas, and 
in many a bay and byplace,
The liveoak kelsons, the pine planks, the spars, the hackmatack
roots for knees,
The ships themselves on their ways, the tiers of scaffolds, the 
workmen busy outside and inside,
The tools lying around, the great auger and little auger, the adze,
bolt, line, square, gouge, and beadplane.




The shapes arise!
The shape measur'd, saw'd, jack'd, join'd, stain'd,
The coffinshape for the dead to lie within in his shroud,
The shape got out in posts, in the bedstead posts, in the posts of 
the bride's bed,
The shape of the little trough, the shape of the rockers beneath,
the shape of the babe's cradle,
The shape of the floorplanks, the floorplanks for dancers' feet,
The shape of the planks of the family home, the home of the 
friendly parents and children,
The shape of the roof of the home of the happy young man and 
woman, the roof over the wellmarried young man and 
woman,
The roof over the supper joyously cook'd by the chaste wife, and 
joyously eaten by the chaste husband, content after his 
day's work.

The shapes arise!
The shape of the prisoner's place in the courtroom, and of him 
or her seated in the place,
The shape of the liquorbar lean'd against by the young rum
drinker and the old rumdrinker,
The shape of the shamed and angry stairs trod by sneaking foot
steps,
The shape of the sly settee, and the adulterous unwholesome 
couple,
The shape of the gamblingboard with its devilish winnings and 
losings,
The shape of the stepladder for the convicted and sentenced 
murderer, the murderer with haggard face and pinion'd arms,


                                      



The sheriff at hand with his deputies, the silent and whitelipp'd 
crowd, the dangling of the rope.

The shapes arise!
Shapes of doors giving many exits and entrances,
The door passing the dissever'd friend flush'd and in haste,
The door that admits good news and bad news,
The door whence the son left home confident and puff'd up,
The door he enter'd again from a long and scandalous absence,
diseas'd, broken down, without innocence, without means.




Her shape arises,
She less guarded than ever, yet more guarded than ever,
The gross and soil'd she moves among do not make her gross and 
soil'd,
She knows the thoughts as she passes, nothing is conceal'd from her,
She is none the less considerate or friendly therefor,
She is the best belov'd, it is without exception, she has no reason 
to fear and she does not fear,
Oaths, quarrels, hiccupp'd songs, smutty expressions, are idle to 
her as she passes,
She is silent, she is possess'd of herself, they do not offend her,
She receives them as the laws of Nature receive them, she is strong,
She too is a law of Naturethere is no law stronger than she is.




The main shapes arise!
Shapes of Democracy total, result of centuries,
Shapes ever projecting other shapes,
Shapes of turbulent manly cities,
Shapes of the friends and homegivers of the whole earth,
Shapes bracing the earth and braced with the whole earth.



SONG OF THE EXPOSITION.



(AH little recks the laborer,
How near his work is holding him to God,
The loving Laborer through space and time.)

After all not to create only, or found only,


                                      



But to bring perhaps from afar what is already founded,
To give it our own identity, average, limitless, free,
To fill the gross the torpid bulk with vital religious fire,
Not to repel or destroy so much as accept, fuse, rehabilitate,
To obey as well as command, to follow more than to lead,
These also are the lessons of our New World;
While how little the New after all, how much the Old, Old World!

Long and long has the grass been growing,
Long and long has the rain been falling,
Long has the globe been rolling round.




Come Muse migrate from Greece and Ionia,
Cross out please those immensely overpaid accounts,
That matter of Troy and Achilles' wrath, and Aeneas', Odysseus'
wanderings,
Placard "Removed" and "To Let" on the rocks of your snowy 
Parnassus,
Repeat at Jerusalem, place the notice high on Jaffa's gate and on 
Mount Moriah,
The same on the walls of your German, French and Spanish 
castles, and Italian collections,
For know a better, fresher, busier sphere, a wide, untried domain 
awaits, demands you.




Responsive to our summons,
Or rather to her longnurs'd inclination,
Join'd with an irresistible, natural gravitation,
She comes! I hear the rustling of her gown,
I scent the odor of her breath's delicious fragrance,
I mark her step divine, her curious eyes aturning, rolling,
Upon this very scene.

The dame of dames! can I believe then,
Those ancient temples, sculptures classic, could none of them 
retain her?
Nor shades of Virgil and Dante, nor myriad memories, poems,
old associations, magnetize and hold on to her?
But that she's left them alland here?

Yes, if you will allow me to say so,
I, my friends, if you do not, can plainly see her,


                                      



The same undying soul of earth's, activity's, beauty's, heroism's 
expression,
Out from her evolutions hither come, ended the strata of her 
former themes,
Hidden and cover'd by today's, foundation of today's,
Ended, deceas'd through time, her voice by Castaly's fountain,
Silent the brokenlipp'd Sphynx in Egypt, silent all those century
baffling tombs,
Ended for aye the epics of Asia's, Europe's helmeted warriors,
ended the primitive call of the muses,
Calliope's call forever closed, Clio, Melpomene, Thalia dead,
Ended the stately rhythmus of Una and Oriana, ended the quest 
of the holy Graal,
Jerusalem a handful of ashes blown by the wind, extinct,
The Crusaders' streams of shadowy midnight troops sped with the 
sunrise,
Amadis, Tancred, utterly gone, Charlemagne, Roland, Oliver gone,
Palmerin, ogre, departed, vanish'd the turrets that Usk from its 
waters reflected,
Arthur vanish'd with all his knights, Merlin and Lancelot and 
Galahad, all gone, dissolv'd utterly like an exhalation;
Pass'd! pass'd! for us, forever pass'd, that once so mighty world,
now void, inanimate, phantom world,
Embroider'd, dazzling, foreign world, with all its gorgeous legends,
myths,
Its kings and castles proud, its priests and warlike lords and 
courtly dames,
Pass'd to its charnel vault, coffin'd with crown and armor on,
Blazon'd with Shakspere's purple page,
And dirged by Tennyson's sweet sad rhyme.

I say I see, my friends, if you do not, the illustrious emigr,
(having it is true in her day, although the same, changed,
journey'd considerable,)
Making directly for this rendezvous, vigorously clearing a path for 
herself, striding through the confusion,
By thud of machinery and shrill steamwhistle undismay'd,
Bluff'd not a bit by drainpipe, gasometers, artificial fertilizers,
Smiling and pleas'd with palpable intent to stay,
She's here, install'd amid the kitchen ware!




But holddon't I forget my manners?
To introduce the stranger, (what else indeed do I live to chant 
for?) to thee Columbia;


                                      



In liberty's name welcome immortal! clasp hands,
And ever henceforth sisters dear be both.

Fear not O Muse! truly new ways and days receive, surround you,
I candidly confess a queer, queer race, of novel fashion,
And yet the same old human race, the same within, without,
Faces and hearts the same, feelings the same, yearnings the same,
The same old love, beauty and use the same.




We do not blame thee elder World, nor really separate ourselves 
from thee,
(Would the son separate himself from the father?)
Looking back on thee, seeing thee to thy duties, grandeurs,
through past ages bending, building,
We build to ours today.

Mightier than Egypt's tombs,
Fairer than Grecia's, Roma's temples,
Prouder than Milan's statued, spired cathedral,
More picturesque than Rhenish castlekeeps,
We plan even now to raise, beyond them all,
Thy great cathedral sacred industry, no tomb,
A keep for life for practical invention.

As in a waking vision,
E'en while I chant I see it rise, I scan and prophesy outside 
and in,
Its manifold ensemble.

Around a palace, loftier, fairer, ampler than any yet,
Earth's modern wonder, history's seven outstripping,
High rising tier on tier with glass and iron faades,
Gladdening the sun and sky, enhued in cheerfulest hues,
Bronze, lilac, robin'segg, marine and crimson,
Over whose golden roof shall flaunt, beneath thy banner Freedom,
The banners of the States and flags of every land,
A brood of lofty, fair, but lesser palaces shall cluster.

Somewhere within their walls shall all that forwards perfect human 
life be started,
Tried, taught, advanced, visibly exhibited.

Not only all the world of works, trade, products,
But all the workmen of the world here to be represented.



                                      



Here shall you trace in flowing operation,
In every state of practical, busy movement, the rills of civilization,
Materials here under your eye shall change their shape as if by 
magic,
The cotton shall be pick'd almost in the very field,
Shall be dried, clean'd, ginn'd, baled, spun into thread and cloth 
before you,
You shall see hands at work at all the old processes and all the 
new ones,
You shall see the various grains and how flour is made and then 
bread baked by the bakers,
You shall see the crude ores of California and Nevada passing on 
and on till they become bullion,
You shall watch how the printer sets type, and learn what a com
posingstick is,
You shall mark in amazement the Hoe press whirling its cylinders,
shedding the printed leaves steady and fast,
The photograph, model, watch, pin, nail, shall be created before 
you.

In large calm halls, a stately museum shall teach you the infinite 
lessons of minerals,
In another, woods, plants, vegetation shall be illustratedin 
another animals, animal life and development.

One stately house shall be the music house,
Others for other artslearning, the sciences, shall all be here,
None shall be slighted, none but shall here be honor'd, help'd,
exampled.




(This, this and these, America, shall be your pyramids and 
obelisks,
Your Alexandrian Pharos, gardens of Babylon,
Your temple at Olympia.)

The male and female many laboring not,
Shall ever here confront the laboring many,
With precious benefits to both, glory to all,
To thee America, and thee eternal Muse.

And here shall ye inhabit powerful Matrons!
In your vast state vaster than all the old,
Echoed through long, long centuries to come,
To sound of different, prouder songs, with stronger themes,


                                      



Practical, peaceful life, the people's life, the People themselves,
Lifted, illumin'd, bathed in peaceelate, secure in peace.




Away with themes of war! away with war itself!
Hence from my shuddering sight to never more return that show 
of blacken'd, mutilated corpses!
That hell unpent and raid of blood, fit for wild tigers or for lop
tongued wolves, not reasoning men,
And in its stead speed industry's campaigns,
With thy undaunted armies, engineering,
Thy pennants labor, loosen'd to the breeze,
Thy bugles sounding loud and clear.

Away with old romance!
Away with novels, plots and plays of foreign courts,
Away with loveverses sugar'd in rhyme, the intrigues, amours of 
idlers,
Fitted for only banquets of the night where dancers to late music 
slide,
The unhealthy pleasures, extravagant dissipations of the few,
With perfumes, heat and wine, beneath the dazzling chandeliers.

To you ye reverent sane sisters,
I raise a voice for far superber themes for poets and for art,
To exalt the present and the real,
To teach the average man the glory of his daily walk and trade,
To sing in songs how exercise and chemical life are never to be 
baffled,
To manual work for each and all, to plough, hoe, dig,
To plant and tend the tree, the berry, vegetables, flowers,
For every man to see to it that he really do something, for every 
woman too;
To use the hammer and the saw, (rip, or crosscut,)
To cultivate a turn for carpentering, plastering, painting,
To work as tailor, tailoress, nurse, hostler, porter,
To invent a little, something ingenious, to aid the washing, cook
ing, cleaning,
And hold it no disgrace to take a hand at them themselves.

I say I bring thee Muse today and here,
All occupations, duties broad and close,
Toil, healthy toil and sweat, endless, without cessation,
The old, old practical burdens, interests, joys,


                                      



The family, parentage, childhood, husband and wife,
The housecomforts, the house itself and all its belongings,
Food and its preservation, chemistry applied to it,
Whatever forms the average, strong, complete, sweetblooded man 
or woman, the perfect longeve personality,
And helps its present life to health and happiness, and shapes its soul,
For the eternal real life to come.

With latest connections, works, the intertransportation of the world,
Steampower, the great express lines, gas, petroleum,
These triumphs of our time, the Atlantic's delicate cable,
The Pacific railroad, the Suez canal, the Mont Cenis and Gothard 
and Hoosac tunnels, the Brooklyn bridge,
This earth all spann'd with iron rails, with lines of steamships 
threading every sea,
Our own rondure, the current globe I bring.




And thou America,
Thy offspring towering e'er so high, yet higher Thee above all 
towering,
With Victory on thy left, and at thy right hand Law;
Thou Union holding all, fusing, absorbing, tolerating all,
Thee, ever thee, I sing.

Thou, also thou, a World,
With all thy wide geographies, manifold, different, distant,
Rounded by thee in oneone common orbic language,
One common indivisible destiny for All.

And by the spells which ye vouchsafe to those your ministers in 
earnest,
I here personify and call my themes, to make them pass before ye.

Behold, America! (and thou, ineffable guest and sister!)
For thee come trooping up thy waters and thy lands;
Behold! thy fields and farms, thy faroff woods and mountains,
As in procession coming.

Behold, the sea itself,
And on its limitless, heaving breast, the ships;
See, where their white sails, bellying in the wind, speckle the green 
and blue,
See, the steamers coming and going, steaming in or out of port,
See, dusky and undulating, the long pennants of smoke.



                                      



Behold, in Oregon, far in the north and west,
Or in Maine, far in the north and east, thy cheerful axemen,
Wielding all day their axes.

Behold, on the lakes, thy pilots at their wheels, thy oarsmen,
How the ash writhes under those muscular arms!

There by the furnace, and there by the anvil,
Behold thy sturdy blacksmiths swinging their sledges,
Overhand so steady, overhand they turn and fall with joyous clank,
Like a tumult of laughter.

Mark the spirit of invention everywhere, thy rapid patents,
Thy continual workshops, foundries, risen or rising,
See, from their chimneys how the tall flamefires stream.

Mark, thy interminable farms, North, South,
Thy wealthy daughterstates, Eastern and Western,
The varied products of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Georgia,
Texas, and the rest,
Thy limitless crops, grass, wheat, sugar, oil, corn, rice, hemp, hops,
Thy barns all fill'd, the endless freighttrain and the bulging 
storehouse,
The grapes that ripen on thy vines, the apples in thy orchards,
Thy incalculable lumber, beef, pork, potatoes, thy coal, thy gold 
and silver,
The inexhaustible iron in thy mines.

All thine O sacred Union!
Ships, farms, shops, barns, factories, mines,
City and State, North, South, item and aggregate,
We dedicate, dread Mother, all to thee!

Protectress absolute, thou! bulwark of all!
For well we know that while thou givest each and all,(generous 
as God,)
Without thee neither all nor each, nor land, home,
Nor ship, nor mine, nor any here this day secure,
Nor aught, nor any day secure.




And thou, the Emblem waving over all!
Delicate beauty, a word to thee, (it may be salutary,)
Remember thou hast not always been as here today so comfortably 
ensovereign'd,


                                      



In other scenes than these have I observ'd thee flag,
Not quite so trim and whole and freshly blooming in folds of stain
less silk,
But I have seen thee bunting, to tatters torn upon thy splinter'd staff,
Or clutch'd to some young colorbearer's breast with desperate hands,
Savagely struggled for, for life or death, fought over long,
'Mid cannons' thundercrash and many a curse and groan and yell,
and riflevolleys cracking sharp,
And moving masses as wild demons surging, and lives as nothing 
risk'd,
For thy mere remnant grimed with dirt and smoke and sopp'd in 
blood,
For sake of that, my beauty, and that thou might'st dally as now 
secure up there,
Many a good man have I seen go under.

Now here and these and hence in peace, all thine O Flag!
And here and hence for thee, O universal Muse! and thou for them!
And here and hence O Union, all the work and workmen thine!
None separate from theehenceforth One only, we and thou,
(For the blood of the children, what is it, only the blood 
maternal?
And lives and works, what are they all at last, except the roads to 
faith and death?)

While we rehearse our measureless wealth, it is for thee, dear 
Mother,
We own it all and several today indissoluble in thee;
Think not our chant, our show, merely for products gross or lucre 
it is for thee, the soul in thee, electric, spiritual!
Our farms, inventions, crops, we own in thee! cities and States in 
thee!
Our freedom all in thee! our very lives in thee!



SONG OF THE REDWOODTREE.



A CALIFORNIA song,
A prophecy and indirection, a thought impalpable to breathe as air,
A chorus of dryads, fading, departing, or hamadryads departing,
A murmuring, fateful, giant voice, out of the earth and sky,
Voice of a mighty dying tree in the redwood forest dense.



                                      



Farewell my brethren,
Farewell O earth and sky, farewell ye neighboring waters,
My time has ended, my term has come.

Along the northern coast,
Just back from the rockbound shore and the caves,
In the saline air from the sea in the Mendocino country,
With the surge for base and accompaniment low and hoarse,
With crackling blows of axes sounding musically driven by strong 
arms,
Riven deep by the sharp tongues of the axes, there in the redwood 
forest dense,
I heard the mighty tree its deathchant chanting.

The choppers heard not, the camp shanties echoed not,
The quickear'd teamsters and chain and jackscrew men heard 
not,
As the woodspirits came from their haunts of a thousand years to 
join the refrain,
But in my soul I plainly heard.

Murmuring out of its myriad leaves,
Down from its lofty top rising two hundred feet high,
Out of its stalwart trunk and limbs, out of its footthick bark,
That chant of the seasons and time, chant not of the past only 
but the future.

You untold life of me,
And all you venerable and innocent joys,
Perennial hardy life of me with joys 'mid rain and many a 
summer sun,
And the white snows and night and the wild winds;
O the great patient rugged joys, my soul's strong joys unreck'd by 
man,
(For know I bear the soul befitting me, I too have consciousness, 
identity,
And all the rocks and mountains have, and all the earth,)
Joys of the life befitting me and brothers mine,
Our time, our term has come.

Nor yield we mournfully majestic brothers,
We who have grandly fill'd our time;
With Nature's calm content, with tacit huge delight,
We welcome what we wrought for through the past,
And leave the field for them.



                                      



For them predicted long,
For a superber race, they too to grandly fill their time,
For them we abdicate, in them ourselves ye forest kings!
In them these skies and airs, these mountain peaks, Shasta, 
Nevadas,
These huge precipitous cliffs, this amplitude, these valleys, far 
Yosemite,
To be in them absorb'd, assimilated.

Then to a loftier strain,
Still prouder, more ecstatic rose the chant,
As if the heirs, the deities of the West,
Joining with mastertongue bore part.

Not wan from Asia's fetiches,
Nor red from Europe's old dynastic slaughterhouse,
(Area of murderplots of thrones, with scent left yet of wars and 
scaffolds everywhere,)
But come from Nature's long and harmless throes, peacefully 
builded thence,
These virgin lands, lands of the Western shore,
To the new culminating man, to you, the empire new,
You promis'd long, we pledge, we dedicate.

You occult deep volitions,
You average spiritual manhood, purpose of all, pois'd on yourself, 
giving not taking law,
You womanhood divine, mistress and source of all, whence life 
and love and aught that comes from life and love,
You unseen moral essence of all the vast materials of America, 
(age upon age working in death the same as life,)
You that, sometimes known, oftener unknown, really shape and 
mould the New World, adjusting it to Time and Space,
You hidden national will lying in your abysms, conceal'd but ever 
alert,
You past and present purposes tenaciously pursued, maybe uncon
scious of yourselves,
Unswerv'd by all the passing errors, perturbations of the surface;
You vital, universal, deathless germs, beneath all creeds, arts, 
statutes, literatures,
Here build your homes for good, establish here, these areas entire, 
lands of the Western shore,
We pledge, we dedicate to you.

For man of you, your characteristic race,


                                      



Here may he hardy, sweet, gigantic grow, here tower proportion
ate to Nature,
Here climb the vast pure spaces unconfined, uncheck'd by wall or 
roof,
Here laugh with storm or sun, here joy, here patiently inure,
Here heed himself, unfold himself, (not others' formulas heed,) 
here fill his time,
To duly fall, to aid, unreck'd at last,
To disappear, to serve.

Thus on the northern coast,
In the echo of teamsters' calls and the clinking chains, and the 
music of choppers' axes,
The falling trunk and limbs, the crash, the muffled shriek, the 
groan,
Such words combined from the redwoodtree, as of voices ecstatic,
ancient and rustling,
The centurylasting, unseen dryads, singing, withdrawing,
All their recesses of forests and mountains leaving,
From the Cascade range to the Wahsatch, or Idaho far, or Utah,
To the deities of the modern henceforth yielding,
The chorus and indications, the vistas of coming humanity, the 
settlements, features all,
In the Mendocino woods I caught.




The flashing and golden pageant of California,
The sudden and gorgeous drama, the sunny and ample lands,
The long and varied stretch from Puget sound to Colorado south,
Lands bathed in sweeter, rarer, healthier air, valleys and mountain 
cliffs,
The fields of Nature long prepared and fallow, the silent, cyclic 
chemistry,
The slow and steady ages plodding, the unoccupied surface ripen
ing, the rich ores forming beneath;
At last the New arriving, assuming, taking possession,
A swarming and busy race settling and organizing everywhere,
Ships coming in from the whole round world, and going out to 
the whole world,
To India and China and Australia and the thousand island para
dises of the Pacific,
Populous cities, the latest inventions, the steamers on the rivers,
the railroads, with many a thrifty farm, with machinery,
And wool and wheat and the grape, and diggings of yellow gold.




                                      





But more in you than these, lands of the Western shore,
(These but the means, the implements, the standingground,)
I see in you, certain to come, the promise of thousands of years,
till now deferr'd,
Promis'd to be fulfill'd, our common kind, the race.

The new society at last, proportionate to Nature,
In man of you, more than your mountain peaks or stalwart trees 
imperial,
In woman more, far more, than all your gold or vines, or even 
vital air.

Fresh come, to a new world indeed, yet long prepared,
I see the genius of the modern, child of the real and ideal,
Clearing the ground for broad humanity, the true America, heir 
of the past so grand,
To build a grander future.



A SONG FOR OCCUPATIONS.



A SONG for occupations!
In the labor of engines and trades and the labor of fields I find 
the developments,
And find the eternal meanings.

Workmen and Workwomen!
Were all educations practical and ornamental well display'd out 
of me, what would it amount to?
Were I as the head teacher, charitable proprietor, wise statesman,
what would it amount to?
Were I to you as the boss employing and paying you, would that 
satisfy you?

The learn'd, virtuous, benevolent, and the usual terms,
A man like me and never the usual terms.

Neither a servant nor a master I,
I take no sooner a large price than a small price, I will have my 
own whoever enjoys me,
I will be even with you and you shall be even with me.



                                      



If you stand at work in a shop I stand as nigh as the nighest in 
the same shop,
If you bestow gifts on your brother or dearest friend I demand as 
good as your brother or dearest friend,
If your lover, husband, wife, is welcome by day or night, I must 
be personally as welcome,
If you become degraded, criminal, ill, then I become so for your 
sake,
If you remember your foolish and outlaw'd deeds, do you think 
I cannot remember my own foolish and outlaw'd deeds?
If you carouse at the table I carouse at the opposite side of the 
table,
If you meet some stranger in the streets and love him or her, why 
I often meet strangers in the street and love them.

Why what have you thought of yourself?
Is it you then that thought yourself less?
Is it you that thought the President greater than you?
Or the rich better off than you? or the educated wiser than you?

(Because you are greasy or pimpled, or were once drunk, or a 
thief,
Or that you are diseas'd, or rheumatic, or a prostitute,
Or from frivolity or impotence, or that you are no scholar and 
never saw your name in print,
Do you give in that you are any less immortal?)




Souls of men and women! it is not you I call unseen, unheard,
untouchable and untouching,
It is not you I go argue pro and con about, and to settle whether 
you are alive or no,
I own publicly who you are, if nobody else owns.

Grown, halfgrown and babe, of this country and every country, in
doors and outdoors, one just as much as the other, I see,
And all else behind or through them.

The wife, and she is not one jot less than the husband,
The daughter, and she is just as good as the son,
The mother, and she is every bit as much as the father.

Offspring of ignorant and poor, boys apprenticed to trades,
Young fellows working on farms and old fellows working on farms,
Sailormen, merchantmen, coasters, immigrants,


                                      



All these I see, but nigher and farther the same I see,
None shall escape me and none shall wish to escape me.

I bring what you much need yet always have,
Not money, amours, dress, eating, erudition, but as good,
I send no agent or medium, offer no representative of value, but 
offer the value itself.

There is something that comes to one now and perpetually,
It is not what is printed, preach'd, discussed, it eludes discussion 
and print,
It is not to be put in a book, it is not in this book,
It is for you whoever you are, it is no farther from you than your 
hearing and sight are from you,
It is hinted by nearest, commonest, readiest, it is ever provoked 
by them.

You may read in many languages, yet read nothing about it,
You may read the President's message and read nothing about it 
there,
Nothing in the reports from the State department or Treasury 
department, or in the daily papers or weekly papers,
Or in the census or revenue returns, prices current, or any 
accounts of stock.




The sun and stars that float in the open air,
The appleshaped earth and we upon it, surely the drift of them 
is something grand,
I do not know what it is except that it is grand, and that it is 
happiness,
And that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation or 
bonmot or reconnoissance,
And that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for 
us, and without luck must be a failure for us,
And not something which may yet be retracted in a certain 
contingency.

The light and shade, the curious sense of body and identity, the 
greed that with perfect complaisance devours all things,
The endless pride and outstretching of man, unspeakable joys 
and sorrows,
The wonder every one sees in every one else he sees, and the 
wonders that fill each minute of time forever,
What have you reckon'd them for, camerado?


                                      



Have you reckon'd them for your trade or farmwork? or for the 
profits of your store?
Or to achieve yourself a position? or to fill a gentleman's leisure,
or a lady's leisure?

Have you reckon'd that the landscape took substance and form 
that it might be painted in a picture?
Or men and women that they might be written of, and songs sung?
Or the attraction of gravity, and the great laws and harmonious 
combinations and the fluids of the air, as subjects for the 
savans?
Or the brown land and the blue sea for maps and charts?
Or the stars to be put in constellations and named fancy names?
Or that the growth of seeds is for agricultural tables, or agricul
ture itself?

Old institutions, these arts, libraries, legends, collections, and the 
practice handed along in manufactures, will we rate them 
so high?
Will we rate our cash and business high? I have no objection,
I rate them as high as the highestthen a child born of a 
woman and man I rate beyond all rate.

We thought our Union grand, and our Constitution grand,
I do not say they are not grand and good, for they are,
I am this day just as much in love with them as you,
Then I am in love with You, and with all my fellows upon the 
earth.

We consider bibles and religions divineI do not say they are 
not divine,
I say they have all grown out of you, and may grow out of you 
still,
It is not they who give the life, it is you who give the life,
Leaves are not more shed from the trees, or trees from the earth,
than they are shed out of you.




The sum of all known reverence I add up in you whoever you are,
The President is there in the White House for you, it is not you 
who are here for him,
The Secretaries act in their bureaus for you, not you here for them,
The Congress convenes every Twelfthmonth for you,
Laws, courts, the forming of States, the charters of cities, the 
going and coming of commerce and mails, are all for you.



                                      



List close my scholars dear,
Doctrines, politics and civilization exurge from you,
Sculpture and monuments and any thing inscribed anywhere are 
tallied in you,
The gist of histories and statistics as far back as the records reach 
is in you this hour, and myths and tales the same,
If you were not breathing and walking here, where would they 
all be?
The most renown'd poems would be ashes, orations and plays 
would be vacuums.

All architecture is what you do to it when you look upon it,
(Did you think it was in the white or gray stone? or the lines of 
the arches and cornices?)

All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the 
instruments,
It is not the violins and the cornets, it is not the oboe nor the 
beating drums, nor the score of the baritone singer singing 
his sweet romanza, nor that of the men's chorus, nor that 
of the women's chorus,
It is nearer and farther than they.




Will the whole come back then?
Can each see signs of the best by a look in the lookingglass? is 
there nothing greater or more?
Does all sit there with you, with the mystic unseen soul?

Strange and hard that paradox true I give,
Objects gross and the unseen soul are one.

Housebuilding, measuring, sawing the boards,
Blacksmithing, glassblowing, nailmaking, coopering, tinroofing,
shingledressing,
Shipjoining, dockbuilding, fishcuring, flagging of sidewalks by 
flaggers,
The pump, the piledriver, the great derrick, the coalkiln and 
brickkiln,
Coalmines and all that is down there, the lamps in the darkness,
echoes, songs, what meditations, what vast native thoughts 
looking through smutch'd faces,
Ironworks, forgefires in the mountains or by riverbanks, men 
around feeling the melt with huge crowbars, lumps of ore,
the due combining of ore, limestone, coal,


                                      



The blastfurnace and the puddlingfurnace, the louplump at the 
bottom of the melt at last, the rollingmill, the stumpy 
bars of pigiron, the strong cleanshaped Trail for rail
roads,
Oilworks, silkworks, whiteleadworks, the sugarhouse, steam
saws, the great mills and factories,
Stonecutting, shapely trimmings for faades or window or door
lintels, the mallet, the toothchisel, the jib to protect the 
thumb,
The calkingiron, the kettle of boiling vaultcement, and the fire 
under the kettle,
The cottonbale, the stevedore's hook, the saw and buck of the 
sawyer, the mould of the moulder, the workingknife of 
the butcher, the icesaw, and all the work with ice,
The work and tools of the rigger, grappler, sailmaker, block
maker,
Goods of guttapercha, papiermach, colors, brushes, brush
making, glazier's implements,
The veneer and gluepot, the confectioner's ornaments, the 
decanter and glasses, the shears and flatiron,
The awl and kneestrap, the pint measure and quart measure, the 
counter and stool, the writingpen of quill or metal, the 
making of all sorts of edged tools,
The brewery, brewing, the malt, the vats, every thing that is done 
by brewers, winemakers, vinegarmakers,
Leatherdressing, coachmaking, boilermaking, ropetwisting, dis
tilling, signpainting, limeburning, cottonpicking, electro
plating, electrotyping, stereotyping,
Stavemachines, planingmachines, reapingmachines, ploughing
machines, thrashingmachines, steam wagons,
The cart of the carman, the omnibus, the ponderous dray,
Pyrotechny, letting off color'd fireworks at night, fancy figures and 
jets;
Beef on the butcher's stall, the slaughterhouse of the butcher, the 
butcher in his killingclothes,
The pens of live pork, the killinghammer, the hoghook, the 
scalder's tub, gutting, the cutter's cleaver, the packer's maul,
and the plenteous winterwork of porkpacking,
Flourworks, grinding of wheat, rye, maize, rice, the barrels and 
the half and quarter barrels, the loaded barges, the high 
piles on wharves and levees,
The men and the work of the men on ferries, railroads, coasters,
fishboats, canals;
The hourly routine of your own or any man's life, the shop, yard,
store, or factory,


                                      



These shows all near you by day and nightworkman! whoever 
you are, your daily life!
In that and them the heft of the heaviestin that and them far 
more than you estimated, (and far less also,)
In them realities for you and me, in them poems for you and me,
In them, not yourselfyou and your soul enclose all things, re
gardless of estimation,
In them the development goodin them all themes, hints, possi
bilities.

I do not affirm that what you see beyond is futile, I do not advise 
you to stop,
I do not say leadings you thought great are not great,
But I say that none lead to greater than these lead to.




Will you seek afar off? you surely come back at last,
In things best known to you finding the best, or as good as the 
best,
In folks nearest to you finding the sweetest, strongest, lovingest,
Happiness, knowledge, not in another place but this place, not for 
another hour but this hour,
Man in the first you see or touch, always in friend, brother,
nighest neighborwoman in mother, sister, wife,
The popular tastes and employments taking precedence in poems 
or anywhere,
You workwomen and workmen of these States having your own 
divine and strong life,
And all else giving place to men and women like you.

When the psalm sings instead of the singer,
When the script preaches instead of the preacher,
When the pulpit descends and goes instead of the carver that 
carved the supporting desk,
When I can touch the body of books by night or by day, and 
when they touch my body back again,
When a university course convinces like a slumbering woman and 
child convince,
When the minted gold in the vault smiles like the nightwatchman's 
daughter,
When warrantee deeds loafe in chairs opposite and are my friendly 
companions,
I intend to reach them my hand, and make as much of them as 
I do of men and women like you.




                                      




A SONG OF THE ROLLING EARTH.



A SONG of the rolling earth, and of words according,
Were you thinking that those were the words, those upright lines?
those curves, angles, dots?
No, those are not the words, the substantial words are in the 
ground and sea,
They are in the air, they are in you.

Were you thinking that those were the words, those delicious sounds 
out of your friends' mouths?
No, the real words are more delicious than they.

Human bodies are words, myriads of words,
(In the best poems reappears the body, man's or woman's, well
shaped, natural, gay,
Every part able, active, receptive, without shame or the need of 
shame.)

Air, soil, water, firethose are words,
I myself am a word with themmy qualities interpenetrate with 
theirsmy name is nothing to them,
Though it were told in the three thousand languages, what would 
air, soil, water, fire, know of my name?

A healthy presence, a friendly or commanding gesture, are words,
sayings, meanings,
The charms that go with the mere looks of some men and women,
are sayings and meanings also.

The workmanship of souls is by those inaudible words of the earth,
The masters know the earth's words and use them more than 
audible words.

Amelioration is one of the earth's words,
The earth neither lags nor hastens,
It has all attributes, growths, effects, latent in itself from the jump,
It is not half beautiful only, defects and excrescences show just as 
much as perfections show.

The earth does not withhold, it is generous enough,
The truths of the earth continually wait, they are not so conceal'd 
either,



                                      



They are calm, subtle, untransmissible by print,
They are imbued through all things conveying themselves willingly,
Conveying a sentiment and invitation, I utter and utter,
I speak not, yet if you hear me not of what avail am I to you?
To bear, to better, lacking these of what avail am I?

(Accouche! accouchez!
Will you rot your own fruit in yourself there?
Will you squat and stifle there?)

The earth does not argue,
Is not pathetic, has no arrangements,
Does not scream, haste, persuade, threaten, promise,
Makes no discriminations, has no conceivable failures,
Closes nothing, refuses nothing, shuts none out,
Of all the powers, objects, states, it notifies, shuts none out.

The earth does not exhibit itself nor refuse to exhibit itself, pos
sesses still underneath,
Underneath the ostensible sounds, the august chorus of heroes, the 
wail of slaves,
Persuasions of lovers, curses, gasps of the dying, laughter of young 
people, accents of bargainers,
Underneath these possessing words that never fail.

To her children the words of the eloquent dumb great mother 
never fail,
The true words do not fail, for motion does not fail and reflection 
does not fail,
Also the day and night do not fail, and the voyage we pursue does 
not fail.

Of the interminable sisters,
Of the ceaseless cotillons of sisters,
Of the centripetal and centrifugal sisters, the elder and younger 
sisters,
The beautiful sister we know dances on with the rest.

With her ample back towards every beholder,
With the fascinations of youth and the equal fascinations of age,
Sits she whom I too love like the rest, sits undisturb'd,
Holding up in her hand what has the character of a mirror, while 
her eyes glance back from it,
Glance as she sits, inviting none, denying none,
Holding a mirror day and night tirelessly before her own face.



                                      



Seen at hand or seen at a distance,
Duly the twentyfour appear in public every day,
Duly approach and pass with their companions or a companion,
Looking from no countenances of their own, but from the counte
nances of those who are with them,
From the countenances of children or women or the manly coun
tenance,
From the open countenances of animals or from inanimate things,
From the landscape or waters or from the exquisite apparition of 
the sky,
From our countenances, mine and yours, faithfully returning them,
Every day in public appearing without fail, but never twice with 
the same companions.

Embracing man, embracing all, proceed the three hundred and 
sixtyfive resistlessly round the sun;
Embracing all, soothing, supporting, follow close three hundred 
and sixtyfive offsets of the first, sure and necessary as they.

Tumbling on steadily, nothing dreading,
Sunshine, storm, cold, heat, forever withstanding, passing, carrying,
The soul's realization and determination still inheriting,
The fluid vacuum around and ahead still entering and dividing,
No balk retarding, no anchor anchoring, on no rock striking,
Swift, glad, content, unbereav'd, nothing losing,
Of all able and ready at any time to give strict account,
The divine ship sails the divine sea.




Whoever you are! motion and reflection are especially for you,
The divine ship sails the divine sea for you.

Whoever you are! you are he or she for whom the earth is solid 
and liquid,
You are he or she for whom the sun and moon hang in the sky,
For none more than you are the present and the past,
For none more than you is immortality.

Each man to himself and each woman to herself, is the word of 
the past and present, and the true word of immortality;
No one can acquire for anothernot one,
Not one can grow for anothernot one.

The song is to the singer, and comes back most to him,
The teaching is to the teacher, and comes back most to him,


                                      



The murder is to the murderer, and comes back most to him,
The theft is to the thief, and comes back most to him,
The love is to the lover, and comes back most to him,
The gift is to the giver, and comes back most to himit cannot 
fail,
The oration is to the orator, the acting is to the actor and actress 
not to the audience,
And no man understands any greatness or goodness but his own,
or the indication of his own.




I swear the earth shall surely be complete to him or her who shall 
be complete,
The earth remains jagged and broken only to him or her who 
remains jagged and broken.

I swear there is no greatness or power that does not emulate 
those of the earth,
There can be no theory of any account unless it corroborate the 
theory of the earth,
No politics, song, religion, behavior, or what not, is of account,
unless it compare with the amplitude of the earth,
Unless it face the exactness, vitality, impartiality, rectitude of the 
earth.

I swear I begin to see love with sweeter spasms than that which 
responds love,
It is that which contains itself, which never invites and never 
refuses.

I swear I begin to see little or nothing in audible words,
All merges toward the presentation of the unspoken meanings 
of the earth,
Toward him who sings the songs of the body and of the truths 
of the earth,
Toward him who makes the dictionaries of words that print can
not touch.

I swear I see what is better than to tell the best,
It is always to leave the best untold.

When I undertake to tell the best I find I cannot,
My tongue is ineffectual on its pivots,
My breath will not be obedient to its organs,
I become a dumb man.



                                      



The best of the earth cannot be told anyhow, all or any is best,
It is not what you anticipated, it is cheaper, easier, nearer,
Things are not dismiss'd from the places they held before,
The earth is just as positive and direct as it was before,
Facts, religions, improvements, politics, trades, are as real as before,
But the soul is also real, it too is positive and direct,
No reasoning, no proof has establish'd it,
Undeniable growth has establish'd it.




These to echo the tones of souls and the phrases of souls,
(If they did not echo the phrases of souls what were they then?
If they had not reference to you in especial what were they then?)

I swear I will never henceforth have to do with the faith that tells 
the best,
I will have to do only with that faith that leaves the best untold.

Say on, sayers! sing on, singers!
Delve! mould! pile the words of the earth!
Work on, age after age, nothing is to be lost,
It may have to wait long, but it will certainly come in use,
When the materials are all prepared and ready, the architects shall 
appear.

I swear to you the architects shall appear without fail,
I swear to you they will understand you and justify you,
The greatest among them shall be he who best knows you, and 
encloses all and is faithful to all,
He and the rest shall not forget you, they shall perceive that you 
are not an iota less than they,
You shall be fully glorified in them.



YOUTH, DAY, OLD AGE AND NIGHT.

YOUTH, large, lusty, lovingyouth full of grace, force, fascination,
Do you know that Old Age may come after you with equal grace, 
force, fascination?

Day fullblown and splendidday of the immense sun, action, 
ambition, laughter,
The Night follows close with millions of suns, and sleep and 
restoring darkness.



                                      




BIRDS OF PASSAGE.


SONG OF THE UNIVERSAL.



COME said the Muse,
Sing me a song no poet yet has chanted,
Sing me the universal.

In this broad earth of ours,
Amid the measureless grossness and the slag,
Enclosed and safe within its central heart,
Nestles the seed perfection.

By every life a share or more or less,
None born but it is born, conceal'd or unconceal'd the seed is 
waiting.




Lo! keeneyed towering science,
As from tall peaks the modern overlooking,
Successive absolute fiats issuing.

Yet again, lo! the soul, above all science,
For it has history gather'd like husks around the globe,
For it the entire starmyriads roll through the sky.

In spiral routes by long detours,
(As a muchtacking ship upon the sea,)
For it the partial to the permanent flowing,
For it the real to the ideal tends.

For it the mystic evolution,
Not the right only justified, what we call evil also justified.

Forth from their masks, no matter what,
From the huge festering trunk, from craft and guile and tears,
Health to emerge and joy, joy universal.

Out of the bulk, the morbid and the shallow,
Out of the bad majority, the varied countless frauds of men and 
states,
Electric, antiseptic yet, cleaving, suffusing all,
Only the good is universal.




                                      





Over the mountaingrowths disease and sorrow,
An uncaught bird is ever hovering, hovering,
High in the purer, happier air.

From imperfection's murkiest cloud,
Darts always forth one ray of perfect light,
One flash of heaven's glory.

To fashion's, custom's discord,
To the mad Babeldin, the deafening orgies,
Soothing each lull a strain is heard, just heard,
From some far shore the final chorus sounding.

O the blest eyes, the happy hearts,
That see, that know the guiding thread so fine,
Along the mighty labyrinth.




And thou America,
For the scheme's culmination, its thought and its reality,
For these (not for thyself) thou hast arrived.

Thou too surroundest all,
Embracing carrying welcoming all, thou too by pathways broad 
and new,
To the ideal tendest.

The measur'd faiths of other lands, the grandeurs of the past,
Are not for thee, but grandeurs of thine own,
Deific faiths and amplitudes, absorbing, comprehending all,
All eligible to all.

All, all for immortality,
Love like the light silently wrapping all,
Nature's amelioration blessing all,
The blossoms, fruits of ages, orchards divine and certain,
Forms, objects, growths, humanities, to spiritual images ripening.

Give me O God to sing that thought,
Give me, give him or her I love this quenchless faith,
In Thy ensemble, whatever else withheld withhold not from us,
Belief in plan of Thee enclosed in Time and Space,
Health, peace, salvation universal.



                                      



Is it a dream?
Nay but the lack of it the dream,
And failing it life's lore and wealth a dream,
And all the world a dream.



PIONEERS! O PIONEERS!

COME my tanfaced children,
Follow well in order, get your weapons ready,
Have you your pistols? have you your sharpedged axes?
Pioneers! O pioneers!

For we cannot tarry here,
We must march my darlings, we must bear the brunt of danger,
We the youthful sinewy races, all the rest on us depend,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

O you youths, Western youths,
So impatient, full of action, full of manly pride and friendship,
Plain I see you Western youths, see you tramping with the fore
most,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Have the elder races halted?
Do they droop and end their lesson, wearied over there beyond 
the seas?
We take up the task eternal, and the burden and the lesson,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

All the past we leave behind,
We debouch upon a newer mightier world, varied world,
Fresh and strong the world we seize, world of labor and the march,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

We detachments steady throwing,
Down the edges, through the passes, up the mountains steep,
Conquering, holding, daring, venturing as we go the unknown ways,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

We primeval forests felling,
We the rivers stemming, vexing we and piercing deep the mines 
within,
We the surface broad surveying, we the virgin soil upheaving,
Pioneers! O pioneers!



                                      



Colorado men are we,
From the peaks gigantic, from the great sierras and the high 
plateaus,
From the mine and from the gully, from the hunting trail we come,
Pioneers! O pioneers!
From Nebraska, from Arkansas,
Central inland race are we, from Missouri, with the continental 
blood intervein'd,
All the hands of comrades clasping, all the Southern, all the 
Northern,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

O resistless restless race!
O beloved race in all! O my breast aches with tender love for all!
O I mourn and yet exult, I am rapt with love for all,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Raise the mighty mother mistress,
Waving high the delicate mistress, over all the starry mistress,
(bend your heads all,)
Raise the fang'd and warlike mistress, stern, impassive, weapon'd 
mistress,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

See my children, resolute children,
By those swarms upon our rear we must never yield or falter,
Ages back in ghostly millions frowning there behind us urging,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

On and on the compact ranks,
With accessions ever waiting, with the places of the dead quickly 
fill'd,
Through the battle, through defeat, moving yet and never stopping,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

O to die advancing on!
Are there some of us to droop and die? has the hour come?
Then upon the march we fittest die, soon and sure the gap is fill'd,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

All the pulses of the world,
Falling in they beat for us, with the Western movement beat,
Holding single or together, steady moving to the front, all for us,
Pioneers! O pioneers!



                                      



Life's involv'd and varied pageants,
All the forms and shows, all the workmen at their work,
All the seamen and the landsmen, all the masters with their slaves,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

All the hapless silent lovers,
All the prisoners in the prisons, all the righteous and the wicked,
All the joyous, all the sorrowing, all the living, all the dying,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

I too with my soul and body,
We, a curious trio, picking, wandering on our way,
Through these shores amid the shadows, with the apparitions 
pressing,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Lo, the darting bowling orb!
Lo, the brother orbs around, all the clustering suns and planets,
All the dazzling days, all the mystic nights with dreams,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

These are of us, they are with us,
All for primal needed work, while the followers there in embryo 
wait behind,
We today's procession heading, we the route for travel clearing,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

O you daughters of the West!
O you young and elder daughters! O you mothers and you wives!
Never must you be divided, in our ranks you move united,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Minstrels latent on the prairies!
(Shrouded bards of other lands, you may rest, you have done 
your work,)
Soon I hear you coming warbling, soon you rise and tramp amid us,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Not for delectations sweet,
Not the cushion and the slipper, not the peaceful and the studious,
Not the riches safe and palling, not for us the tame enjoyment,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Do the feasters gluttonous feast?
Do the corpulent sleepers sleep? have they lock'd and bolted doors?
Still be ours the diet hard, and the blanket on the ground,
Pioneers! O pioneers!



                                      



Has the night descended?
Was the road of late so toilsome? did we stop discouraged nodding 
on our way?
Yet a passing hour I yield you in your tracks to pause oblivious,
Pioneers! O pioneers!

Till with sound of trumpet,
Far, far off the daybreak callhark! how loud and clear I hear 
it wind,
Swift! to the head of the army!swift! spring to your places,
Pioneers! O pioneers!


TO YOU.

WHOEVER you are, I fear you are walking the walks of dreams,
I fear these supposed realities are to melt from under your feet 
and hands,
Even now your features, joys, speech, house, trade, manners,
troubles, follies, costume, crimes, dissipate away from you,
Your true soul and body appear before me,
They stand forth out of affairs, out of commerce, shops, work,
farms, clothes, the house, buying, selling, eating, drinking,
suffering, dying.

Whoever you are, now I place my hand upon you, that you be my 
poem,
I whisper with my lips close to your ear,
I have loved many women and men, but I love none better than 
you.

O I have been dilatory and dumb,
I should have made my way straight to you long ago,
I should have blabb'd nothing but you, I should have chanted 
nothing but you.

I will leave all and come and make the hymns of you,
None has understood you, but I understand you,
None has done justice to you, you have not done justice to your
self,
None but has found you imperfect, I only find no imperfection in 
you,
None but would subordinate you, I only am he who will never 
consent to subordinate you,
I only am he who places over you no master, owner, better, God,
beyond what waits intrinsically in yourself.



                                      



Painters have painted their swarming groups and the centrefigure 
of all,
From the head of the centrefigure spreading a nimbus of gold
color'd light,
But I paint myriads of heads, but paint no head without its nim
bus of goldcolor'd light,
From my hand from the brain of every man and woman it streams,
effulgently flowing forever.

O I could sing such grandeurs and glories about you!
You have not known what you are, you have slumber'd upon 
yourself all your life,
Your eyelids have been the same as closed most of the time,
What you have done returns already in mockeries,
(Your thrift, knowledge, prayers, if they do not return in mock
eries, what is their return?)

The mockeries are not you,
Underneath them and within them I see you lurk,
I pursue you where none else has pursued you,
Silence, the desk, the flippant expression, the night, the accustom'd 
routine, if these conceal you from others or from yourself,
they do not conceal you from me,
The shaved face, the unsteady eye, the impure complexion, if these 
balk others they do not balk me,
The pert apparel, the deform'd attitude, drunkenness, greed, pre
mature death, all these I part aside.

There is no endowment in man or woman that is not tallied in 
you,
There is no virtue, no beauty in man or woman, but as good is in 
you,
No pluck, no endurance in others, but as good is in you,
No pleasure waiting for others, but an equal pleasure waits for you.

As for me, I give nothing to any one except I give the like care
fully to you,
I sing the songs of the glory of none, not God, sooner than I 
sing the songs of the glory of you.

Whoever you are! claim your own at any hazard!
These shows of the East and West are tame compared to you,
These immense meadows, these interminable rivers, you are 
immense and interminable as they,


                                      



These furies, elements, storms, motions of Nature, throes of appar
ent dissolution, you are he or she who is master or mistress 
over them,
Master or mistress in your own right over Nature, elements, pain,
passion, dissolution.

The hopples fall from your ankles, you find an unfailing sufficiency,
Old or young, male or female, rude, low, rejected by the rest,
whatever you are promulges itself,
Through birth, life, death, burial, the means are provided, nothing 
is scanted,
Through angers, losses, ambition, ignorance, ennui, what you are 
picks its way.


FRANCE,
The th Year of these States.

A GREAT year and place,
A harsh discordant natal scream outsounding, to touch the 
mother's heart closer than any yet.

I walk'd the shores of my Eastern sea,
Heard over the waves the little voice,
Saw the divine infant where she woke mournfully wailing, amid the 
roar of cannon, curses, shouts, crash of falling buildings,
Was not so sick from the blood in the gutters running, nor from 
the single corpses, nor those in heaps, nor those borne 
away in the tumbrils,
Was not so desperate at the battues of deathwas not so shock'd 
at the repeated fusillades of the guns.

Pale, silent, stern, what could I say to that longaccrued retribu
tion?
Could I wish humanity different?
Could I wish the people made of wood and stone?
Or that there be no justice in destiny or time?

O Liberty! O mate for me!
Here too the blaze, the grapeshot and the axe, in reserve, to 
fetch them out in case of need,
Here too, though long represt, can never be destroy'd,
Here too could rise at last murdering and ecstatic,
Here too demanding full arrears of vengeance.

Hence I sign this salute over the sea,
And I do not deny that terrible red birth and baptism,


                                      



But remember the little voice that I heard wailing, and wait with 
perfect trust, no matter how long,
And from today sad and cogent I maintain the bequeath'd cause,
as for all lands,
And I send these words to Paris with my love,
And I guess some chansonniers there will understand them,
For I guess there is latent music yet in France, floods of it,
O I hear already the bustle of instruments, they will soon be 
drowning all that would interrupt them,
O I think the east wind brings a triumphal and free march,
It reaches hither, it swells me to joyful madness,
I will run transpose it in words, to justify it,
I will yet sing a song for you ma femme.


MYSELF AND MINE.

MYSELF and mine gymnastic ever,
To stand the cold or heat, to take good aim with a gun, to sail a 
boat, to manage horses, to beget superb children,
To speak readily and clearly, to feel at home among common 
people,
And to hold our own in terrible positions on land and sea.

Not for an embroiderer,
(There will always be plenty of embroiderers, I welcome them also,)
But for the fibre of things and for inherent men and women.

Not to chisel ornaments,
But to chisel with free stroke the heads and limbs of plenteous 
supreme Gods, that the States may realize them walking 
and talking.

Let me have my own way,
Let others promulge the laws, I will make no account of the laws,
Let others praise eminent men and hold up peace, I hold up 
agitation and conflict,
I praise no eminent man, I rebuke to his face the one that was 
thought most worthy.

(Who are you? and what are you secretly guilty of all your life?
Will you turn aside all your life? will you grub and chatter all 
your life?
And who are you, blabbing by rote, years, pages, languages,
reminiscences,


                                      



Unwitting today that you do not know how to speak properly a 
single word?)

Let others finish specimens, I never finish specimens,
I start them by exhaustless laws as Nature does, fresh and modern 
continually.

I give nothing as duties,
What others give as duties I give as living impulses,
(Shall I give the heart's action as a duty?)

Let others dispose of questions, I dispose of nothing, I arouse 
unanswerable questions,
Who are they I see and touch, and what about them?
What about these likes of myself that draw me so close by tender 
directions and indirections?

I call to the world to distrust the accounts of my friends, but 
listen to my enemies, as I myself do,
I charge you forever reject those who would expound me, for I 
cannot expound myself,
I charge that there be no theory or school founded out of me,
I charge you to leave all free, as I have left all free.

After me, vista!
O I see life is not short, but immeasurably long,
I henceforth tread the world chaste, temperate, an early riser, a 
steady grower,
Every hour the semen of centuries, and still of centuries.

I must follow up these continual lessons of the air, water, earth,
I perceive I have no time to lose.


YEAR OF METEORS.
(.)

YEAR of meteors! brooding year!
I would bind in words retrospective some of your deeds and signs,
I would sing your contest for the th Presidentiad,
I would sing how an old man, tall, with white hair, mounted the 
scaffold in Virginia,
(I was at hand, silent I stood with teeth shut close, I watch'd,
I stood very near you old man when cool and indifferent, but 
trembling with age and your unheal'd wounds you mounted 
the scaffold;)



                                      



I would sing in my copious song your census returns of the States,
The tables of population and products, I would sing of your ships 
and their cargoes,
The proud black ships of Manhattan arriving, some fill'd with 
immigrants, some from the isthmus with cargoes of gold,
Songs thereof would I sing, to all that hitherward comes would I 
welcome give,
And you would I sing, fair stripling! welcome to you from me,
young prince of England!
(Remember you surging Manhattan's crowds as you pass'd with 
your cortege of nobles?
There in the crowds stood I, and singled you out with attachment;)
Nor forget I to sing of the wonder, the ship as she swam up my 
bay,
Wellshaped and stately the Great Eastern swam up my bay, she 
was  feet long,
Her moving swiftly surrounded by myriads of small craft I forget 
not to sing;
Nor the comet that came unannounced out of the north flaring in 
heaven,
Nor the strange huge meteorprocession dazzling and clear shoot
ing over our heads,
(A moment, a moment long it sail'd its balls of unearthly light 
over our heads,
Then departed, dropt in the night, and was gone;)
Of such, and fitful as they, I singwith gleams from them would 
I gleam and patch these chants,
Your chants, O year all mottled with evil and goodyear of 
forebodings!
Year of comets and meteors transient and strangelo! even here 
one equally transient and strange!
As I flit through you hastily, soon to fall and be gone, what is this 
chant,
What am I myself but one of your meteors?


WITH ANTECEDENTS.



WITH antecedents,
With my fathers and mothers and the accumulations of past 
ages,
With all which, had it not been, I would not now be here, as I 
am,
With Egypt, India, Phenicia, Greece and Rome,
With the Kelt, the Scandinavian, the Alb and the Saxon,


                                      



With antique maritime ventures, laws, artisanship, wars and jour
neys,
With the poet, the skald, the saga, the myth, and the oracle,
With the sale of slaves, with enthusiasts, with the troubadour, the 
crusader, and the monk,
With those old continents whence we have come to this new 
continent,
With the fading kingdoms and kings over there,
With the fading religions and priests,
With the small shores we look back to from our own large and 
present shores,
With countless years drawing themselves onward and arrived at 
these years,
You and me arrivedAmerica arrived and making this year,
This year! sending itself ahead countless years to come.




O but it is not the yearsit is I, it is You,
We touch all laws and tally all antecedents,
We are the skald, the oracle, the monk and the knight, we easily 
include them and more,
We stand amid time beginningless and endless, we stand amid evil 
and good,
All swings around us, there is as much darkness as light,
The very sun swings itself and its system of planets around us,
Its sun, and its again, all swing around us.

As for me, (torn, stormy, amid these vehement days,)
I have the idea of all, and am all and believe in all,
I believe materialism is true and spiritualism is true, I reject no 
part.

(Have I forgotten any part? any thing in the past?
Come to me whoever and whatever, till I give you recogni
tion.)

I respect Assyria, China, Teutonia, and the Hebrews,
I adopt each theory, myth, god, and demigod,
I see that the old accounts, bibles, genealogies, are true, without 
exception,
I assert that all past days were what they must have been,
And that they could nohow have been better than they were,
And that today is what it must be, and that America is,
And that today and America could nohow be better than they 
are.




                                      





In the name of these States and in your and my name, the 
Past,
And in the name of these States and in your and my name, the 
Present time.

I know that the past was great and the future will be great,
And I know that both curiously conjoint in the present time,
(For the sake of him I typify, for the common average man's 
sake, your sake if you are he,)
And that where I am or you are this present day, there is the 
centre of all days, all races,
And there is the meaning to us of all that has ever come of races 
and days, or ever will come.


A BROADWAY PAGEANT.



OVER the Western sea hither from Niphon come,
Courteous, the swartcheek'd twosworded envoys,
Leaning back in their open barouches, bareheaded, impassive,
Ride today through Manhattan.

Libertad! I do not know whether others behold what I behold,
In the procession along with the nobles of Niphon, the errand
bearers,
Bringing up the rear, hovering above, around, or in the ranks 
marching,
But I will sing you a song of what I behold Libertad.

When millionfooted Manhattan unpent descends to her pavements,
When the thundercracking guns arouse me with the proud roar 
I love,
When the roundmouth'd guns out of the smoke and smell I love 
spit their salutes,
When the fireflashing guns have fully alerted me, and heaven
clouds canopy my city with a delicate thin haze,
When gorgeous the countless straight stems, the forests at the 
wharves, thicken with colors,
When every ship richly drest carries her flag at the peak,
When pennants trail and streetfestoons hang from the windows,


                                      



When Broadway is entirely given up to footpassengers and foot
standers, when the mass is densest,
When the faades of the houses are alive with people, when eyes 
gaze riveted tens of thousands at a time,
When the guests from the islands advance, when the pageant 
moves forward visible,
When the summons is made, when the answer that waited thou
sands of years answers,
I too arising, answering, descend to the pavements, merge with 
the crowd, and gaze with them.




Superbfaced Manhattan!
Comrade Americanos! to us, then at last the Orient comes.

To us, my city,
Where our talltopt marble and iron beauties range on opposite 
sides, to walk in the space between,
Today our Antipodes comes.

The Originatress comes,
The nest of languages, the bequeather of poems, the race of eld,
Florid with blood, pensive, rapt with musings, hot with passion,
Sultry with perfume, with ample and flowing garments,
With sunburnt visage, with intense soul and glittering eyes,
The race of Brahma comes.

See my cantabile! these and more are flashing to us from the 
procession,
As it moves changing, a kaleidoscope divine it moves changing 
before us.

For not the envoys nor the tann'd Japanee from his island only,
Lithe and silent the Hindoo appears, the Asiatic continent itself 
appears, the past, the dead,
The murky nightmorning of wonder and fable inscrutable,
The envelop'd mysteries, the old and unknown hivebees,
The north, the sweltering south, eastern Assyria, the Hebrews, the 
ancient of ancients,
Vast desolated cities, the gliding present, all of these and more are 
in the pageantprocession.

Geography, the world, is in it,
The Great Sea, the brood of islands, Polynesia, the coast beyond,
The coast you henceforth are facingyou Libertad! from your 
Western golden shores,


                                      



The countries there with their populations, the millions enmasse 
are curiously here,
The swarming marketplaces, the temples with idols ranged along 
the sides or at the end, bonze, brahmin, and llama,
Mandarin, farmer, merchant, mechanic, and fisherman,
The singinggirl and the dancinggirl, the ecstatic persons, the 
secluded emperors,
Confucius himself, the great poets and heroes, the warriors, the 
castes, all,
Trooping up, crowding from all directions, from the Altay moun
tains,
From Thibet, from the four winding and farflowing rivers of 
China,
From the southern peninsulas and the demicontinental islands,
from Malaysia,
These and whatever belongs to them palpable show forth to me,
and are seiz'd by me,
And I am seiz'd by them, and friendlily held by them,
Till as here them all I chant, Libertad! for themselves and for 
you.

For I too raising my voice join the ranks of this pageant,
I am the chanter, I chant aloud over the pageant,
I chant the world on my Western sea,
I chant copious the islands beyond, thick as stars in the sky,
I chant the new empire grander than any before, as in a vision it 
comes to me,
I chant America the mistress, I chant a greater supremacy,
I chant projected a thousand blooming cities yet in time on those 
groups of seaislands,
My sailships and steamships threading the archipelagoes,
My stars and stripes fluttering in the wind,
Commerce opening, the sleep of ages having done its work, races 
reborn, refresh'd,
Lives, works resumedthe object I know notbut the old, the 
Asiatic renew'd as it must be,
Commencing from this day surrounded by the world.




And you Libertad of the world!
You shall sit in the middle wellpois'd thousands and thousands of 
years,
As today from one side the nobles of Asia come to you,
As tomorrow from the other side the queen of England sends her 
eldest son to you.



                                      



The sign is reversing, the orb is enclosed,
The ring is circled, the journey is done,
The boxlid is but perceptibly open'd, nevertheless the perfume 
pours copiously out of the whole box.

Young Libertad! with the venerable Asia, the allmother,
Be considerate with her now and ever hot Libertad, for you are all,
Bend your proud neck to the longoff mother now sending mes
sages over the archipelagoes to you,
Bend your proud neck low for once, young Libertad.

Were the children straying westward so long? so wide the tramping?
Were the precedent dim ages debouching westward from Paradise 
so long?
Were the centuries steadily footing it that way, all the while 
unknown, for you, for reasons?

They are justified, they are accomplish'd, they shall now be turn'd 
the other way also, to travel toward you thence,
They shall now also march obediently eastward for your sake 
Libertad.



SEADRIFT.






OUT OF THE CRADLE ENDLESSLY ROCKING.

OUT of the cradle endlessly rocking,
Out of the mockingbird's throat, the musical shuttle,
Out of the Ninthmonth midnight,
Over the sterile sands and the fields beyond, where the child 
leaving his bed wander'd alone, bareheaded, barefoot,
Down from the shower'd halo,
Up from the mystic play of shadows twining and twisting as if 
they were alive,
Out from the patches of briers and blackberries,
From the memories of the bird that chanted to me,
From your memories sad brother, from the fitful risings and fall
ings I heard,
From under that yellow halfmoon laterisen and swollen as if with 
tears,


                                      



From those beginning notes of yearning and love there in the mist,
From the thousand responses of my heart never to cease,
From the myriad thencearous'd words,
From the word stronger and more delicious than any,
From such as now they start the scene revisiting,
As a flock, twittering, rising, or overhead passing,
Borne hither, ere all eludes me, hurriedly,
A man, yet by these tears a little boy again,
Throwing myself on the sand, confronting the waves,
I, chanter of pains and joys, uniter of here and hereafter,
Taking all hints to use them, but swiftly leaping beyond them,
A reminiscence sing.

Once Paumanok,
When the lilacscent was in the air and Fifthmonth grass was 
growing,
Up this seashore in some briers,
Two feather'd guests from Alabama, two together,
And their nest, and four lightgreen eggs spotted with brown,
And every day the hebird to and fro near at hand,
And every day the shebird crouch'd on her nest, silent, with 
bright eyes,
And every day I, a curious boy, never too close, never disturbing 
them,
Cautiously peering, absorbing, translating.

Shine! shine! shine!
Pour down your warmth, great sun!
While we bask, we two together.

Two together!
Winds blow south, or winds blow north,
Day come white, or night come black,
Home, or rivers and mountains from home,
Singing all time, minding no time,
While we two keep together.

Till of a sudden,
Maybe kill'd, unknown to her mate,
One forenoon the shebird crouch'd not on the nest,
Nor return'd that afternoon, nor the next,
Nor ever appear'd again.

And thenceforward all summer in the sound of the sea,
And at night under the full of the moon in calmer weather,


                                      



Over the hoarse surging of the sea,
Or flitting from brier to brier by day,
I saw, I heard at intervals the remaining one, the hebird,
The solitary guest from Alabama.

Blow! blow! blow!
Blow up seawinds along Paumanok's shore;
I wait and I wait till you blow my mate to me.

Yes, when the stars glisten'd,
All night long on the prong of a mossscallop'd stake,
Down almost amid the slapping waves,
Sat the lone singer wonderful causing tears.

He call'd on his mate,
He pour'd forth the meanings which I of all men know.

Yes my brother I know,
The rest might not, but I have treasur'd every note,
For more than once dimly down to the beach gliding,
Silent, avoiding the moonbeams, blending myself with the shadows,
Recalling now the obscure shapes, the echoes, the sounds and 
sights after their sorts,
The white arms out in the breakers tirelessly tossing,
I, with bare feet, a child, the wind wafting my hair,
Listen'd long and long.

Listen'd to keep, to sing, now translating the notes,
Following you my brother.

Soothe! soothe! soothe!
Close on its wave soothes the wave behind,
And again another behind embracing and lapping, every one close,
But my love soothes not me, not me.

Low hangs the moon, it rose late,
It is laggingO I think it is heavy with love, with love.

O madly the sea pushes upon the land,
With love, with love.

O night! do I not see my love fluttering out among the breakers?
What is that little black thing I see there in the white?

Loud! loud! loud!
Loud I call to you, my love!



                                      



High and clear I shoot my voice over the waves,
Surely you must know who is here, is here,
You must know who I am, my love.

Lowhanging moon!
What is that dusky spot in your brown yellow?
O it is the shape, the shape of my mate!
O moon do not keep her from me any longer.

Land! land! O land!
Whichever way I turn, O I think you could give me my mate 
back again if you only would,
For I am almost sure I see her dimly whichever way I look.

O rising stars!
Perhaps the one I want so much will rise, will rise with some 
of you.

O throat! O trembling throat!
Sound clearer through the atmosphere!
Pierce the woods, the earth,
Somewhere listening to catch you must be the one I want.

Shake out carols!
Solitary here, the night's carols!
Carols of lonesome love! death's carols!
Carols under that lagging, yellow, waning moon!
O under that moon where she droops almost down into the sea!
O reckless despairing carols.

But soft! sink low!
Soft! let me just murmur,
And do you wait a moment you huskynois'd sea,
For somewhere I believe I heard my mate responding to me,
So faint, I must be still, be still to listen,
But not altogether still, for then she might not come immediately 
to me.

Hither my love!
Here I am! here!
With this justsustain'd note I announce myself to you,
This gentle call is for you my love, for you.

Do not be decoy'd elsewhere,
That is the whistle of the wind, it is not my voice,


                                      



That is the fluttering, the fluttering of the spray,
Those are the shadows of leaves.

O darkness! O in vain!
O I am very sick and sorrowful.

O brown halo in the sky near the moon, drooping upon the sea!
O troubled reflection in the sea!
O throat! O throbbing heart!
And I singing uselessly, uselessly all the night.

O past! O happy life! O songs of joy!
In the air, in the woods, over fields,
Loved! loved! loved! loved! loved!
But my mate no more, no more with me!
We two together no more.

The aria sinking,
All else continuing, the stars shining,
The winds blowing, the notes of the bird continuous echoing,
With angry moans the fierce old mother incessantly moaning,
On the sands of Paumanok's shore gray and rustling,
The yellow halfmoon enlarged, sagging down, drooping, the face 
of the sea almost touching,
The boy ecstatic, with his bare feet the waves, with his hair the 
atmosphere dallying,
The love in the heart long pent, now loose, now at last tumultu
ously bursting,
The aria's meaning, the ears, the soul, swiftly depositing,
The strange tears down the cheeks coursing,
The colloquy there, the trio, each uttering,
The undertone, the savage old mother incessantly crying,
To the boy's soul's questions sullenly timing, some drown'd secret 
hissing,
To the outsetting bard.

Demon or bird! (said the boy's soul,)
Is it indeed toward your mate you sing? or is it really to me?
For I, that was a child, my tongue's use sleeping, now I have 
heard you,
Now in a moment I know what I am for, I awake,
And already a thousand singers, a thousand songs, clearer, louder 
and more sorrowful than yours,
A thousand warbling echoes have started to life within me, never 
to die.



                                      



O you singer solitary, singing by yourself, projecting me,
O solitary me listening, never more shall I cease perpetuating 
you,
Never more shall I escape, never more the reverberations,
Never more the cries of unsatisfied love be absent from me,
Never again leave me to be the peaceful child I was before what 
there in the night,
By the sea under the yellow and sagging moon,
The messenger there arous'd, the fire, the sweet hell within,
The unknown want, the destiny of me.

O give me the clew! (it lurks in the night here somewhere,)
O if I am to have so much, let me have more!

A word then, (for I will conquer it,)
The word final, superior to all,
Subtle, sent upwhat is it?I listen;
Are you whispering it, and have been all the time, you sea
waves?
Is that it from your liquid rims and wet sands?

Whereto answering, the sea,
Delaying not, hurrying not,
Whisper'd me through the night, and very plainly before day
break,
Lisp'd to me the low and delicious word death,
And again death, death, death, death,
Hissing melodious, neither like the bird nor like my arous'd child's 
heart,
But edging near as privately for me rustling at my feet,
Creeping thence steadily up to my ears and laving me softly all 
over,
Death, death, death, death, death.

Which I do not forget,
But fuse the song of my dusky demon and brother,
That he sang to me in the moonlight on Paumanok's gray beach,
With the thousand responsive songs at random,
My own songs awaked from that hour,
And with them the key, the word up from the waves,
The word of the sweetest song and all songs,
That strong and delicious word which, creeping to my feet,
(Or like some old crone rocking the cradle, swathed in sweet 
garments, bending aside,)
The sea whisper'd me.



                                      




AS I EBB'D WITH THE OCEAN OF LIFE.



AS I ebb'd with the ocean of life,
As I wended the shores I know,
As I walk'd where the ripples continually wash you Paumanok,
Where they rustle up hoarse and sibilant,
Where the fierce old mother endlessly cries for her castaways,
I musing late in the autumn day, gazing off southward,
Held by this electric self out of the pride of which I utter poems,
Was seiz'd by the spirit that trails in the lines underfoot,
The rim, the sediment that stands for all the water and all the 
land of the globe.

Fascinated, my eyes reverting from the south, dropt, to follow 
those slender windrows,
Chaff, straw, splinters of wood, weeds, and the seagluten,
Scum, scales from shining rocks, leaves of saltlettuce, left by the 
tide,
Miles walking, the sound of breaking waves the other side of me,
Paumanok there and then as I thought the old thought of likenesses,
These you presented to me you fishshaped island,
As I wended the shores I know,
As I walk'd with that electric self seeking types.




As I wend to the shores I know not,
As I list to the dirge, the voices of men and women wreck'd,
As I inhale the impalpable breezes that set in upon me,
As the ocean so mysterious rolls toward me closer and closer,
I too but signify at the utmost a little wash'dup drift,
A few sands and dead leaves to gather,
Gather, and merge myself as part of the sands and drift.

O baffled, balk'd, bent to the very earth,
Oppress'd with myself that I have dared to open my mouth,
Aware now that amid all that blab whose echoes recoil upon me I 
have not once had the least idea who or what I am,
But that before all my arrogant poems the real Me stands yet 
untouch'd, untold, altogether unreach'd,
Withdrawn far, mocking me with mockcongratulatory signs and 
bows,
With peals of distant ironical laughter at every word I have written,
Pointing in silence to these songs, and then to the sand beneath.



                                      



I perceive I have not really understood any thing, not a single 
object, and that no man ever can,
Nature here in sight of the sea taking advantage of me to dart 
upon me and sting me,
Because I have dared to open my mouth to sing at all.




You oceans both, I close with you,
We murmur alike reproachfully rolling sands and drift, knowing 
not why,
These little shreds indeed standing for you and me and all.

You friable shore with trails of debris,
You fishshaped island, I take what is underfoot,
What is yours is mine my father.

I too Paumanok,
I too have bubbled up, floated the measureless float, and been 
wash'd on your shores,
I too am but a trail of drift and debris,
I too leave little wrecks upon you, you fishshaped island.

I throw myself upon your breast my father,
I cling to you so that you cannot unloose me,
I hold you so firm till you answer me something.

Kiss me my father,
Touch me with your lips as I touch those I love,
Breathe to me while I hold you close the secret of the murmuring 
I envy.




Ebb, ocean of life, (the flow will return,)
Cease not your moaning you fierce old mother,
Endlessly cry for your castaways, but fear not, deny not me,
Rustle not up so hoarse and angry against my feet as I touch you 
or gather from you.

I mean tenderly by you and all,
I gather for myself and for this phantom looking down where we 
lead, and following me and mine.

Me and mine, loose windrows, little corpses,
Froth, snowy white, and bubbles,
(See, from my dead lips the ooze exuding at last,



                                      



See, the prismatic colors glistening and rolling,)
Tufts of straw, sands, fragments,
Buoy'd hither from many moods, one contradicting another,
From the storm, the long calm, the darkness, the swell,
Musing, pondering, a breath, a briny tear, a dab of liquid or soil,
Up just as much out of fathomless workings fermented and thrown,
A limp blossom or two, torn, just as much over waves floating, 
drifted at random,
Just as much for us that sobbing dirge of Nature,
Just as much whence we come that blare of the cloudtrumpets,
We, capricious, brought hither we know not whence, spread out 
before you,
You up there walking or sitting,
Whoever you are, we too lie in drifts at your feet.



TEARS.

TEARS! tears! tears!
In the night, in solitude, tears,
On the white shore dripping, dripping, suck'd in by the sand,
Tears, not a star shining, all dark and desolate,
Moist tears from the eyes of a muffled head;
O who is that ghost? that form in the dark, with tears?
What shapeless lump is that, bent, crouch'd there on the sand?
Streaming tears, sobbing tears, throes, choked with wild cries;
O storm, embodied, rising, careering with swift steps along the 
beach!
O wild and dismal night storm, with windO belching and des
perate!
O shade so sedate and decorous by day, with calm countenance 
and regulated pace,
But away at night as you fly, none lookingO then the unloosen'd 
ocean,
Of tears! tears! tears!


TO THE MANOFWARBIRD.

THOU who hast slept all night upon the storm,
Waking renew'd on thy prodigious pinions,
(Burst the wild storm? above it thou ascended'st,
And rested on the sky, thy slave that cradled thee,)
Now a blue point, far, far in heaven floating,
As to the light emerging here on deck I watch thee,
(Myself a speck, a point on the world's floating vast.)



                                      



Far, far at sea,
After the night's fierce drifts have strewn the shore with wrecks,
With reappearing day as now so happy and serene,
The rosy and elastic dawn, the flashing sun,
The limpid spread of air cerulean,
Thou also reappearest.

Thou born to match the gale, (thou art all wings,)
To cope with heaven and earth and sea and hurricane,
Thou ship of air that never furl'st thy sails,
Days, even weeks untired and onward, through spaces, realms 
gyrating,
At dusk that look'st on Senegal, at morn America,
That sport'st amid the lightningflash and thundercloud,
In them, in thy experiences, had'st thou my soul,
What joys! what joys were thine!


ABOARD AT A SHIP'S HELM.

ABOARD at a ship's helm,
A young steersman steering with care.

Through fog on a seacoast dolefully ringing,
An oceanbellO a warning bell, rock'd by the waves.

O you give good notice indeed, you bell by the seareefs ringing,
Ringing, ringing, to warn the ship from its wreckplace.

For as on the alert O steersman, you mind the loud admonition,
The bows turn, the freighted ship tacking speeds away under her 
gray sails,
The beautiful and noble ship with all her precious wealth speeds 
away gayly and safe.

But O the ship, the immortal ship! O ship aboard the ship!
Ship of the body, ship of the soul, voyaging, voyaging, voyaging.


ON THE BEACH AT NIGHT.

ON the beach at night,
Stands a child with her father,
Watching the east, the autumn sky.

Up through the darkness,


                                      



While ravening clouds, the burial clouds, in black masses spreading,
Lower sullen and fast athwart and down the sky,
Amid a transparent clear belt of ether yet left in the east,
Ascends large and calm the lordstar Jupiter,
And nigh at hand, only a very little above,
Swim the delicate sisters the Pleiades.

From the beach the child holding the hand of her father,
Those burialclouds that lower victorious soon to devour all,
Watching, silently weeps.

Weep not, child,
Weep not, my darling,
With these kisses let me remove your tears,
The ravening clouds shall not long be victorious,
They shall not long possess the sky, they devour the stars only in 
apparition,
Jupiter shall emerge, be patient, watch again another night, the 
Pleiades shall emerge,
They are immortal, all those stars both silvery and golden shall 
shine out again,
The great stars and the little ones shall shine out again, they 
endure,
The vast immortal suns and the longenduring pensive moons 
shall again shine.

Then dearest child mournest thou only for Jupiter?
Considerest thou alone the burial of the stars?

Something there is,
(With my lips soothing thee, adding I whisper,
I give thee the first suggestion, the problem and indirection,)
Something there is more immortal even than the stars,
(Many the burials, many the days and nights, passing away,)
Something that shall endure longer even than lustrous Jupiter,
Longer than sun or any revolving satellite,
Or the radiant sisters the Pleiades.


THE WORLD BELOW THE BRINE.

THE world below the brine,
Forests at the bottom of the sea, the branches and leaves,
Sealettuce, vast lichens, strange flowers and seeds, the thick tangle,
openings, and pink turf,


                                      



Different colors, pale gray and green, purple, white, and gold, the 
play of light through the water,
Dumb swimmers there among the rocks, coral, gluten, grass, rushes,
and the aliment of the swimmers,
Sluggish existences grazing there suspended, or slowly crawling 
close to the bottom,
The spermwhale at the surface blowing air and spray, or disporting 
with his flukes,
The leadeneyed shark, the walrus, the turtle, the hairy sealeopard,
and the stingray,
Passions there, wars, pursuits, tribes, sight in those oceandepths,
breathing that thickbreathing air, as so many do,
The change thence to the sight here, and to the subtle air breathed 
by beings like us who walk this sphere,
The change onward from ours to that of beings who walk other 
spheres.


ON THE BEACH AT NIGHT ALONE.

ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro singing her husky song,
As I watch the bright stars shining, I think a thought of the clef 
of the universes and of the future.

A vast similitude interlocks all,
All spheres, grown, ungrown, small, large, suns, moons, planets,
All distances of place however wide,
All distances of time, all inanimate forms,
All souls, all living bodies though they be ever so different, or in 
different worlds,
All gaseous, watery, vegetable, mineral processes, the fishes, the 
brutes,
All nations, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, languages,
All identities that have existed or may exist on this globe, or any 
globe,
All lives and deaths, all of the past, present, future,
This vast similitude spans them, and always has spann'd,
And shall forever span them and compactly hold and enclose them.


SONG FOR ALL SEAS, ALL SHIPS.



TODAY a rude brief recitative,
Of ships sailing the seas, each with its special flag or shipsignal,


                                      



Of unnamed heroes in the shipsof waves spreading and spread
ing far as the eye can reach,
Of dashing spray, and the winds piping and blowing,
And out of these a chant for the sailors of all nations,
Fitful, like a surge.

Of seacaptains young or old, and the mates, and of all intrepid 
sailors,
Of the few, very choice, taciturn, whom fate can never surprise 
nor death dismay,
Pick'd sparingly without noise by thee old ocean, chosen by thee,
Thou sea that pickest and cullest the race in time, and unitest 
nations,
Suckled by thee, old husky nurse, embodying thee,
Indomitable, untamed as thee.

(Ever the heroes on water or on land, by ones or twos appearing,
Ever the stock preserv'd and never lost, though rare, enough for 
seed preserv'd.)




Flaunt out O sea your separate flags of nations!
Flaunt out visible as ever the various shipsignals!
But do you reserve especially for yourself and for the soul of man 
one flag above all the rest,
A spiritual woven signal for all nations, emblem of man elate above 
death,
Token of all brave captains and all intrepid sailors and mates,
And all that went down doing their duty,
Reminiscent of them, twined from all intrepid captains young or old,
A pennant universal, subtly waving all time, o'er all brave sailors,
All seas, all ships.



PATROLING BARNEGAT.

WILD, wild the storm, and the sea high running,
Steady the roar of the gale, with incessant undertone muttering,
Shouts of demoniac laughter fitfully piercing and pealing,
Waves, air, midnight, their savagest trinity lashing,
Out in the shadows there milkwhite combs careering,
On beachy slush and sand spirts of snow fierce slanting,
Where through the murk the easterly deathwind breasting,
Through cutting swirl and spray watchful and firm advancing,
(That in the distance! is that a wreck? is the red signal flaring?)


                                      



Slush and sand of the beach tireless till daylight wending,
Steadily, slowly, through hoarse roar never remitting,
Along the midnight edge by those milkwhite combs careering,
A group of dim, weird forms, struggling, the night confronting,
That savage trinity warily watching.


AFTER THE SEASHIP.

AFTER the seaship, after the whistling winds,
After the whitegray sails taut to their spars and ropes,
Below, a myriad myriad waves hastening, lifting up their necks,
Tending in ceaseless flow toward the track of the ship,
Waves of the ocean bubbling and gurgling, blithely prying,
Waves, undulating waves, liquid, uneven, emulous waves,
Toward that whirling current, laughing and buoyant, with curves,
Where the great vessel sailing and tacking displaced the surface,
Larger and smaller waves in the spread of the ocean yearnfully 
flowing,
The wake of the seaship after she passes, flashing and frolicsome 
under the sun,
A motley procession with many a fleck of foam and many fragments,
Following the stately and rapid ship, in the wake following.

BY THE ROADSIDE.






A BOSTON BALLAD.
(.)

TO get betimes in Boston town I rose this morning early,
Here's a good place at the corner, I must stand and see the show.

Clear the way there Jonathan!
Way for the President's marshalway for the government cannon!
Way for the Federal foot and dragoons, (and the apparitions 
copiously tumbling.)

I love to look on the Stars and Stripes, I hope the fifes will play 
Yankee Doodle.


                                      



How bright shine the cutlasses of the foremost troops!
Every man holds his revolver, marching stiff through Boston town.

A fog follows, antiques of the same come limping,
Some appear woodenlegged, and some appear bandaged and 
bloodless.

Why this is indeed a showit has called the dead out of the 
earth!
The old graveyards of the hills have hurried to see!
Phantoms! phantoms countless by flank and rear!
Cock'd hats of mothy mouldcrutches made of mist!
Arms in slingsold men leaning on young men's shoulders.

What troubles you Yankee phantoms? what is all this chattering 
of bare gums?
Does the ague convulse your limbs? do you mistake your crutches 
for firelocks and level them?

If you blind your eyes with tears you will not see the President's 
marshal,
If you groan such groans you might balk the government cannon.

For shame old maniacsbring down those toss'd arms, and let 
your white hair be,
Here gape your great grandsons, their wives gaze at them from 
the windows,
See how well dress'd, see how orderly they conduct themselves.

Worse and worsecan't you stand it? are you retreating?
Is this hour with the living too dead for you?

Retreat thenpellmell!
To your gravesbackback to the hills old limpers!
I do not think you belong here anyhow.

But there is one thing that belongs hereshall I tell you what it 
is, gentlemen of Boston?

I will whisper it to the Mayor, he shall send a committee to 
England,
They shall get a grant from the Parliament, go with a cart to the 
royal vault,
Dig out King George's coffin, unwrap him quick from the grave
clothes, box up his bones for a journey,


                                      



Find a swift Yankee clipperhere is freight for you, blackbellied 
clipper,
Up with your anchorshake out your sailssteer straight toward 
Boston bay.

Now call for the President's marshal again, bring out the govern
ment cannon,
Fetch home the roarers from Congress, make another procession,
guard it with foot and dragoons.

This centrepiece for them;
Look, all orderly citizenslook from the windows, women!

The committee open the box, set up the regal ribs, glue those that 
will not stay,
Clap the skull on top of the ribs, and clap a crown on top of the 
skull.

You have got your revenge, old busterthe crown is come to its 
own, and more than its own.

Stick your hands in your pockets, Jonathanyou are a made 
man from this day,
You are mighty cuteand here is one of your bargains.


EUROPE,
The d and d Years of These States.

SUDDENLY out of its stale and drowsy lair, the lair of slaves,
Like lightning it le'pt forth half startled at itself,
Its feet upon the ashes and the rags, its hands tight to the throats 
of kings.

O hope and faith!
O aching close of exiled patriots' lives!
O many a sicken'd heart!
Turn back unto this day and make yourselves afresh.

And you, paid to defile the Peopleyou liars, mark!
Not for numberless agonies, murders, lusts,
For court thieving in its manifold mean forms, worming from his 
simplicity the poor man's wages,
For many a promise sworn by royal lips and broken and laugh'd 
at in the breaking,



                                      



Then in their power not for all these did the blows strike revenge,
or the heads of the nobles fall;
The People scorn'd the ferocity of kings.

But the sweetness of mercy brew'd bitter destruction, and the 
frighten'd monarchs come back,
Each comes in state with his train, hangman, priest, taxgatherer,
Soldier, lawyer, lord, jailer, and sycophant.

Yet behind all lowering stealing, lo, a shape,
Vague as the night, draped interminably, head, front and form, in 
scarlet folds,
Whose face and eyes none may see,
Out of its robes only this, the red robes lifted by the arm,
One finger crook'd pointed high over the top, like the head of a 
snake appears.

Meanwhile corpses lie in newmade graves, bloody corpses of 
young men,
The rope of the gibbet hangs heavily, the bullets of princes are 
flying, the creatures of power laugh aloud,
And all these things bear fruits, and they are good.

Those corpses of young men,
Those martyrs that hang from the gibbets, those hearts pierc'd by 
the gray lead,
Cold and motionless as they seem live elsewhere with unslaugh
ter'd vitality.

They live in other young men O kings!
They live in brothers again ready to defy you,
They were purified by death, they were taught and exalted.

Not a grave of the murder'd for freedom but grows seed for free
dom, in its turn to bear seed,
Which the winds carry afar and resow, and the rains and the 
snows nourish.

Not a disembodied spirit can the weapons of tyrants let loose,
But it stalks invisibly over the earth, whispering, counseling,
cautioning.

Liberty, let others despair of youI never despair of you.

Is the house shut? is the master away?
Nevertheless, be ready, be not weary of watching,
He will soon return, his messengers come anon.



                                      




A HANDMIRROR.

HOLD it up sternlysee this it sends back, (who is it? is it 
you?)
Outside fair costume, within ashes and filth,
No more a flashing eye, no more a sonorous voice or springy 
step,
Now some slave's eye, voice, hands, step,
A drunkard's breath, unwholesome eater's face, venerealee's flesh,
Lungs rotting away piecemeal, stomach sour and cankerous,
Joints rheumatic, bowels clogged with abomination,
Blood circulating dark and poisonous streams,
Words babble, hearing and touch callous,
No brain, no heart left, no magnetism of sex;
Such from one look in this lookingglass ere you go hence,
Such a result so soonand from such a beginning!


GODS.

LOVER divine and perfect Comrade,
Waiting content, invisible yet, but certain,
Be thou my God.

Thou, thou, the Ideal Man,
Fair, able, beautiful, content, and loving,
Complete in body and dilate in spirit,
Be thou my God.

O Death, (for Life has served its turn,)
Opener and usher to the heavenly mansion,
Be thou my God.

Aught, aught of mightiest, best I see, conceive, or know,
(To break the stagnant tiethee, thee to free, O soul,)
Be thou my God.

All great ideas, the races' aspirations,
All heroisms, deeds of rapt enthusiasts,
Be ye my Gods.

Or Time and Space,
Or shape of Earth divine and wondrous,
Or some fair shape I viewing, worship,
Or lustrous orb of sun or star by night,
Be ye my Gods.



                                      




GERMS.

FORMS, qualities, lives, humanity, language, thoughts,
The ones known, and the ones unknown, the ones on the stars,
The stars themselves, some shaped, others unshaped,
Wonders as of those countries, the soil, trees, cities, inhabitants,
whatever they may be,
Splendid suns, the moons and rings, the countless combinations 
and effects,
Suchlike, and as good as suchlike, visible here or anywhere,
stand provided for in a handful of space, which I extend 
my arm and half enclose with my hand,
That containing the start of each and all, the virtue, the germs 
of all.


THOUGHTS.

OF ownershipas if one fit to own things could not at pleasure 
enter upon all, and incorporate them into himself or herself;
Of vistasuppose some sight in arriere through the formative 
chaos, presuming the growth, fulness, life, now attain'd on 
the journey,
(But I see the road continued, and the journey ever continued;)
Of what was once lacking on earth, and in due time has become 
suppliedand of what will yet be supplied,
Because all I see and know I believe to have its main purport in 
what will yet be supplied.


WHEN I HEARD THE LEARN'D ASTRONOMER.

WHEN I heard the learn'd astronomer,
When the proofs, the figures, were ranged in columns before me,
When I was shown the charts and diagrams, to add, divide, and 
measure them,
When I sitting heard the astronomer where he lectured with much 
applause in the lectureroom,
How soon unaccountable I became tired and sick,
Till rising and gliding out I wander'd off by myself,
In the mystical moist nightair, and from time to time,
Look'd up in perfect silence at the stars.


PERFECTIONS.

ONLY themselves understand themselves and the like of themselves,
As souls only understand souls.




                                      




O ME! O LIFE!

O ME! O life! of the questions of these recurring,
Of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities fill'd with the 
foolish,
Of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than 
I, and who more faithless?)
Of eyes that vainly crave the light, of the objects mean, of the 
struggle ever renew'd,
Of the poor results of all, of the plodding and sordid crowds I 
see around me,
Of the empty and useless years of the rest, with the rest me inter
twined,
The question, O me! so sad, recurringWhat good amid these,
O me, O life?
Answer.

That you are herethat life exists and identity,
That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse.



TO A PRESIDENT.

ALL you are doing and saying is to America dangled mirages,
You have not learn'd of Natureof the politics of Nature you 
have not learn'd the great amplitude, rectitude, impartiality,
You have not seen that only such as they are for these States,
And that what is less than they must sooner or later lift off from 
these States.


I SIT AND LOOK OUT.

I SIT and look out upon all the sorrows of the world, and upon all 
oppression and shame,
I hear secret convulsive sobs from young men at anguish with 
themselves, remorseful after deeds done,
I see in low life the mother misused by her children, dying,
neglected, gaunt, desperate,
I see the wife misused by her husband, I see the treacherous 
seducer of young women,
I mark the ranklings of jealousy and unrequited love attempted to 
be hid, I see these sights on the earth,
I see the workings of battle, pestilence, tyranny, I see martyrs and 
prisoners,
I observe a famine at sea, I observe the sailors casting lots who 
shall be kill'd to preserve the lives of the rest,


                                      



I observe the slights and degradations cast by arrogant persons 
upon laborers, the poor, and upon negroes, and the like;
All theseall the meanness and agony without end I sitting look 
out upon,
See, hear, and am silent.


TO RICH GIVERS.

WHAT you give me I cheerfully accept,
A little sustenance, a hut and garden, a little money, as I rendez
vous with my poems,
A traveler's lodging and breakfast as I journey through the States,
why should I be ashamed to own such gifts? why to 
advertise for them?
For I myself am not one who bestows nothing upon man and woman,
For I bestow upon any man or woman the entrance to all the gifts 
of the universe.


THE DALLIANCE OF THE EAGLES.

SKIRTING the river road, (my forenoon walk, my rest,)
Skyward in air a sudden muffled sound, the dalliance of the eagles,
The rushing amorous contact high in space together,
The clinching interlocking claws, a living, fierce, gyrating wheel,
Four beating wings, two beaks, a swirling mass tight grappling,
In tumbling turning clustering loops, straight downward falling,
Till o'er the river pois'd, the twain yet one, a moment's lull,
A motionless still balance in the air, then parting, talons loosing,
Upward again on slowfirm pinions slanting, their separate diverse 
flight,
She hers, he his, pursuing.


ROAMING IN THOUGHT.
(After reading HEGEL.)

Roaming in thought over the Universe, I saw the little that is 
Good steadily hastening towards immortality,
And the vast all that is call'd Evil I saw hastening to merge itself 
and become lost and dead.


A FARM PICTURE.

THROUGH the ample open door of the peaceful country barn,
A sunlit pasture field with cattle and horses feeding,
And haze and vista, and the far horizon fading away.



                                      




A CHILD'S AMAZE

SILENT and amazed even when a little boy,
I remember I heard the preacher every Sunday put God in his 
statements,
As contending against some being or influence.


THE RUNNER.

ON a flat road runs the welltrain'd runner,
He is lean and sinewy with muscular legs,
He is thinly clothed, he leans forward as he runs,
With lightly closed fists and arms partially rais'd.


BEAUTIFUL WOMEN.

WOMEN sit or move to and fro, some old, some young,
The young are beautifulbut the old are more beautiful than the 
young.


MOTHER AND BABE.

I SEE the sleeping babe nestling the breast of its mother,
The sleeping mother and babehush'd, I study them long and 
long.


THOUGHT.

OF obedience, faith, adhesiveness;
As I stand aloof and look there is to me something profoundly 
affecting in large masses of men following the lead of those 
who do not believe in men.


VISOR'D.

A MASK, a perpetual natural disguiser of herself,
Concealing her face, concealing her form,
Changes and transformations every hour, every moment,
Falling upon her even when she sleeps.


THOUGHT.

OF Justiceas if Justice could be any thing but the same ample 
law, expounded by natural judges and saviors,
As if it might be this thing or that thing, according to decisions.



                                      




GLIDING O'ER ALL.

GLIDING o'er all, through all,
Through Nature, Time, and Space,
As a ship on the waters advancing,
The voyage of the soulnot life alone,
Death, many deaths I'll sing.


HAST NEVER COME TO THEE AN HOUR.

HAST never come to thee an hour,
A sudden gleam divine, precipitating, bursting all these bubbles,
fashions, wealth?
These eager business aimsbooks, politics, art, amours,
To utter nothingness?


THOUGHT.

OF Equalityas if it harm'd me, giving others the same chances 
and rights as myselfas if it were not indispensable to 
my own rights that others possess the same.


TO OLD AGE.

I SEE in you the estuary that enlarges and spreads itself grandly as 
it pours in the great sea.


LOCATIONS AND TIMES.

LOCATIONS and timeswhat is it in me that meets them all, when
ever and wherever, and makes me at home?
Forms, colors, densities, odorswhat is it in me that corresponds 
with them?


OFFERINGS.

A THOUSAND perfect men and women appear,
Around each gathers a cluster of friends, and gay children and 
youths, with offerings.


TO THE STATES,
To Identify the th, th, or th Presidentiad.

WHY reclining, interrogating? why myself and all drowsing?
What deepening twilightscum floating atop of the waters,


                                      



Who are they as bats and nightdogs askant in the capitol?
What a filthy Presidentiad! (O South, your torrid suns! O North,
your arctic freezings!)
Are those really Congressmen? are those the great Judges? is that 
the President?
Then I will sleep awhile yet, for I see that these States sleep, for 
reasons;
(With gathering murk, with muttering thunder and lambent shoots 
we all duly awake,
South, North, East, West, inland and seaboard, we will surely 
awake.)

DRUMTAPS.






FIRST O SONGS FOR A PRELUDE.

FIRST O songs for a prelude,
Lightly strike on the stretch'd tympanum pride and joy in my city,
How she led the rest to arms, how she gave the cue,
How at once with lithe limbs unwaiting a moment she sprang,
(O superb! O Manhattan, my own, my peerless!
O strongest you in the hour of danger, in crisis! O truer than steel!)
How you spranghow you threw off the costumes of peace with 
indifferent hand,
How your soft operamusic changed, and the drum and fife were 
heard in their stead,
How you led to the war, (that shall serve for our prelude, songs 
of soldiers,)
How Manhattan drumtaps led.

Forty years had I in my city seen soldiers parading,
Forty years as a pageant, till unawares the lady of this teeming 
and turbulent city,
Sleepless amid her ships, her houses, her incalculable wealth,
With her million children around her, suddenly,
At dead of night, at news from the south,
Incens'd struck with clinch'd hand the pavement.

A shock electric, the night sustain'd it,
Till with ominous hum our hive at daybreak pour'd out its myriads.



                                      



From the houses then and the workshops, and through all the 
doorways,
Leapt they tumultuous, and lo! Manhattan arming.

To the drumtaps prompt,
The young men falling in and arming,
The mechanics arming, (the trowel, the jackplane, the black
smith's hammer, tost aside with precipitation,)
The lawyer leaving his office and arming, the judge leaving the 
court,
The driver deserting his wagon in the street, jumping down,
throwing the reins abruptly down on the horses' backs,
The salesman leaving the store, the boss, bookkeeper, porter, all 
leaving;
Squads gather everywhere by common consent and arm,
The new recruits, even boys, the old men show them how to wear 
their accoutrements, they buckle the straps carefully,
Outdoors arming, indoors arming, the flash of the musketbarrels,
The white tents cluster in camps, the arm'd sentries around, the 
sunrise cannon and again at sunset,
Arm'd regiments arrive every day, pass through the city, and 
embark from the wharves,
(How good they look as they tramp down to the river, sweaty,
with their guns on their shoulders!
How I love them! how I could hug them, with their brown faces 
and their clothes and knapsacks cover'd with dust!)
The blood of the city uparm'd! arm'd! the cry everywhere,
The flags flung out from the steeples of churches and from all the 
public buildings and stores,
The tearful parting, the mother kisses her son, the son kisses his 
mother,
(Loth is the mother to part, yet not a word does she speak to 
detain him,)
The tumultuous escort, the ranks of policemen preceding, clearing 
the way,
The unpent enthusiasm, the wild cheers of the crowd for their 
favorites,
The artillery, the silent cannons bright as gold, drawn along,
rumble lightly over the stones,
(Silent cannons, soon to cease your silence,
Soon unlimber'd to begin the red business;)
All the mutter of preparation, all the determin'd arming,
The hospital service, the lint, bandages and medicines,
The women volunteering for nurses, the work begun for in earnest,
no mere parade now;


                                      



War! an arm'd race is advancing! the welcome for battle, no 
turning away;
War! be it weeks, months, or years, an arm'd race is advancing 
to welcome it.

Mannahatta amarchand it's O to sing it well!
It's O for a manly life in the camp.

And the sturdy artillery,
The guns bright as gold, the work for giants, to serve well the guns,
Unlimber them! (no more as the past forty years for salutes for 
courtesies merely,
Put in something now besides powder and wadding.)

And you lady of ships, you Mannahatta,
Old matron of this proud, friendly, turbulent city,
Often in peace and wealth you were pensive or covertly frown'd 
amid all your children,
But now you smile with joy exulting old Mannahatta.


EIGHTEEN SIXTYONE.

ARM'D yearyear of the struggle,
No dainty rhymes or sentimental love verses for you terrible year,
Not you as some pale poetling seated at a desk lisping cadenzas 
piano,
But as a strong man erect, clothed in blue clothes, advancing,
carrying a rifle on your shoulder,
With wellgristled body and sunburnt face and hands, with a knife 
in the belt at your side,
As I heard you shouting loud, your sonorous voice ringing across 
the continent,
Your masculine voice O year, as rising amid the great cities,
Amid the men of Manhattan I saw you as one of the workmen,
the dwellers in Manhattan,
Or with large steps crossing the prairies out of Illinois and 
Indiana,
Rapidly crossing the West with springy gait and descending the 
Alleghanies,
Or down from the great lakes or in Pennsylvania, or on deck 
along the Ohio river,
Or southward along the Tennessee or Cumberland rivers, or at 
Chattanooga on the mountain top,
Saw I your gait and saw I your sinewy limbs clothed in blue,
bearing weapons, robust year,


                                      



Heard your determin'd voice launch'd forth again and again,
Year that suddenly sang by the mouths of the roundlipp'd cannon,
I repeat you, hurrying, crashing, sad, distracted year.


BEAT! BEAT! DRUMS!

BEAT! beat! drums!blow! bugles! blow!
Through the windowsthrough doorsburst like a ruthless 
force,
Into the solemn church, and scatter the congregation,
Into the school where the scholar is studying;
Leave not the bridegroom quietno happiness must he have 
now with his bride,
Nor the peaceful farmer any peace, ploughing his field or gathering 
his grain,
So fierce you whirr and pound you drumsso shrill you bugles 
blow.

Beat! beat! drums!blow! bugles! blow!
Over the traffic of citiesover the rumble of wheels in the 
streets;
Are beds prepared for sleepers at night in the houses? no sleepers 
must sleep in those beds,
No bargainers' bargains by dayno brokers or speculators
would they continue?
Would the talkers be talking? would the singer attempt to sing?
Would the lawyer rise in the court to state his case before the 
judge?
Then rattle quicker, heavier drumsyou bugles wilder blow.

Beat! beat! drums!blow! bugles! blow!
Make no parleystop for no expostulation,
Mind not the timidmind not the weeper or prayer,
Mind not the old man beseeching the young man,
Let not the child's voice be heard, nor the mother's entreaties,
Make even the trestles to shake the dead where they lie awaiting 
the hearses,
So strong you thump O terrible drumsso loud you bugles blow.


FROM PAUMANOK STARTING I FLY LIKE A BIRD.

FROM Paumanok starting I fly like a bird,
Around and around to soar to sing the idea of all,
To the north betaking myself to sing there arctic songs,


                                      



To Kanada till I absorb Kanada in myself, to Michigan then,
To Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, to sing their songs, (they are 
inimitable;)
Then to Ohio and Indiana to sing theirs, to Missouri and Kansas 
and Arkansas to sing theirs,
To Tennessee and Kentucky, to the Carolinas and Georgia to sing 
theirs,
To Texas and so along up toward California, to roam accepted 
everywhere;
To sing first, (to the tap of the wardrum if need be,)
The idea of all, of the Western world one and inseparable,
And then the song of each member of these States.


SONG OF THE BANNER AT DAYBREAK.

Poet.

O A new song, a free song,
Flapping, flapping, flapping, flapping, by sounds, by voices clearer,
By the wind's voice and that of the drum,
By the banner's voice and child's voice and sea's voice and father's 
voice,
Low on the ground and high in the air,
On the ground where father and child stand,
In the upward air where their eyes turn,
Where the banner at daybreak is flapping.

Words! bookwords! what are you?
Words no more, for hearken and see,
My song is there in the open air, and I must sing,
With the banner and pennant aflapping.

I'll weave the chord and twine in,
Man's desire and babe's desire, I'll twine them in, I'll put in life,
I'll put the bayonet's flashing point, I'll let bullets and slugs whizz,
(As one carrying a symbol and menace far into the future,
Crying with trumpet voice, Arouse and beware! Beware and 
arouse!)
I'll pour the verse with streams of blood, full of volition, full of joy,
Then loosen, launch forth, to go and compete,
With the banner and pennant aflapping.


Pennant.

Come up here, bard, bard,
Come up here, soul, soul,


                                      



Come up here, dear little child,
To fly in the clouds and winds with me, and play with the measure
less light.


Child.

Father what is that in the sky beckoning to me with long finger?
And what does it say to me all the while?


Father.

Nothing my babe you see in the sky,
And nothing at all to you it saysbut look you my babe,
Look at these dazzling things in the houses, and see you the 
moneyshops opening,
And see you the vehicles preparing to crawl along the streets with 
goods;
These, ah these, how valued and toil'd for these!
How envied by all the earth.


Poet.

Fresh and rosy red the sun is mounting high,
On floats the sea in distant blue careering through its channels,
On floats the wind over the breast of thesea setting in toward 
land,
The great steady wind from west or westbysouth,
Floating so buoyant with milkwhite foam on the waters.

But I am not the sea nor the red sun,
I am not the wind with girlish laughter,
Not the immense wind which strengthens, not the wind which 
lashes,
Not the spirit that ever lashes its own body to terror and death,
But I am that which unseen comes and sings, sings, sings,
Which babbles in brooks and scoots in showers on the land,
Which the birds know in the woods mornings and evenings,
And the shoresands know and the hissing wave, and that banner 
and pennant,
Aloft there flapping and flapping.


Child.

O father it is aliveit is full of peopleit has children,
O now it seems to me it is talking to its children,
I hear itit talks to meO it is wonderful!
O it stretchesit spreads and runs so fastO my father,
It is so broad it covers the whole sky.




                                      



Father.

Cease, cease, my foolish babe,
What you are saying is sorrowful to me, much it displeases me;
Behold with the rest again I say, behold not banners and pennants 
aloft,
But the wellprepared pavements behold, and mark the solidwall'd 
houses.


Banner and Pennant.

Speak to the child O bard out of Manhattan,
To our children all, or north or south of Manhattan,
Point this day, leaving all the rest, to us over alland yet we 
know not why,
For what are we, mere strips of cloth profiting nothing,
Only flapping in the wind?


Poet.

I hear and see not strips of cloth alone,
I hear the tramp of armies, I hear the challenging sentry,
I hear the jubilant shouts of millions of men, I hear Liberty!
I hear the drums beat and the trumpets blowing,
I myself move abroad swiftrising flying then,
I use the wings of the landbird and use the wings of the seabird, 
and look down as from a height,
I do not deny the precious results of peace, I see populous cities 
with wealth incalculable,
I see numberless farms, I see the farmers working in their fields 
or barns,
I see mechanics working, I see buildings everywhere founded, 
going up, or finish'd,
I see trains of cars swiftly speeding along railroad tracks drawn 
by the locomotives,
I see the stores, depots, of Boston, Baltimore, Charleston, New 
Orleans,
I see far in the West the immense area of grain, I dwell awhile 
hovering,
I pass to the lumber forests of the North, and again to the South
ern plantation, and again to California;
Sweeping the whole I see the countless profit, the busy gatherings, 
earn'd wages,
See the Identity formed out of thirtyeight spacious and haughty 
States, (and many more to come,)
See forts on the shores of harbors, see ships sailing in and out;
Then over all, (aye! aye!) my little and lengthen'd pennant 
shaped like a sword,


                                      



Runs swiftly up indicating war and defianceand now the hal
yards have rais'd it,
Side of my banner broad and blue, side of my starry banner,
Discarding peace over all the sea and land.


Banner and Pennant.

Yet louder, higher, stronger, bard! yet farther, wider cleave!
No longer let our children deem us riches and peace alone,
We may be terror and carnage, and are so now,
Not now are we any one of these spacious and haughty States, 
(nor any five, nor ten,)
Nor market nor depot we, nor moneybank in the city,
But these and all, and the brown and spreading land, and the 
mines below, are ours,
And the shores of the sea are ours, and the rivers great and small,
And the fields they moisten, and the crops and the fruits are ours,
Bays and channels and ships sailing in and out are ourswhile 
we over all,
Over the area spread below, the three or four millions of square 
miles, the capitals,
The forty millions of people,O bard! in life and death supreme,
We, even we, henceforth flaunt out masterful, high up above,
Not for the present alone, for a thousand years chanting through 
you,
This song to the soul of one poor little child.


Child.

O my father I like not the houses,
They will never to me be any thing, nor do I like money,
But to mount up there I would like, O father dear, that banner I 
like,
That pennant I would be and must be.


Father.

Child of mine you fill me with anguish,
To be that pennant would be too fearful,
Little you know what it is this day, and after this day, forever,
It is to gain nothing, but risk and defy every thing,
Forward to stand in front of warsand O, such wars!what 
have you to do with them?
With passions of demons, slaughter, premature death?


Banner.

Demons and death then I sing,
Put in all, aye all will I, swordshaped pennant for war,


                                      



And a pleasure new and ecstatic, and the prattled yearning of 
children,
Blent with the sounds of the peaceful land and the liquid wash 
of the sea,
And the black ships fighting on the sea envelop'd in smoke,
And the icy cool of the far, far north, with rustling cedars and 
pines,
And the whirr of drums and the sound of soldiers marching, and 
the hot sun shining south,
And the beachwaves combing over the beach on my Eastern 
shore, and my Western shore the same,
And all between those shores, and my ever running Mississippi 
with bends and chutes,
And my Illinois fields, and my Kansas fields, and my fields of 
Missouri,
The Continent, devoting the whole identity without reserving an 
atom,
Pour in! whelm that which asks, which sings, with all and the 
yield of all,
Fusing and holding, claiming, devouring the whole,
No more with tender lip, nor musical labial sound,
But out of the night emerging for good, our voice persuasive no 
more,
Croaking like crows here in the wind.


Poet.

My limbs, my veins dilate, my theme is clear at last,
Banner so broad advancing out of the night, I sing you haughty 
and resolute,
I burst through where I waited long, too long, deafen'd and 
blinded,
My hearing and tongue are come to me, (a little child taught me,)
I hear from above O pennant of war your ironical call and demand,
Insensate! insensate! (yet I at any rate chant you,) O banner!
Not houses of peace indeed are you, nor any nor all their pros
perity, (if need be, you shall again have every one of those 
houses to destroy them,
You thought not to destroy those valuable houses, standing fast, 
full of comfort, built with money,
May they stand fast, then? not an hour except you above them 
and all stand fast;)
O banner, not money so precious are you, not farm produce you, 
nor the material good nutriment,
Nor excellent stores, nor landed on wharves from the ships,


                                      



Not the superb ships with sailpower or steampower, fetching and 
carrying cargoes,
Nor machinery, vehicles, trade, nor revenuesbut you as hence
forth I see you,
Running up out of the night, bringing your cluster of stars, (ever
enlarging stars,)
Divider of daybreak you, cutting the air, touch'd by the sun, 
measuring the sky,
(Passionately seen and yearn'd for by one poor little child,
While others remain busy or smartly talking, forever teaching 
thrift, thrift;)
O you up there! O pennant! where you undulate like a snake 
hissing so curious,
Out of reach, an idea only, yet furiously fought for, risking bloody 
death, loved by me,
So lovedO you banner leading the day with stars brought from 
the night!
Valueless, object of eyes, over all and demanding all(absolute 
owner of all)O banner and pennant!
I too leave the restgreat as it is, it is nothinghouses, 
machines are nothingI see them not,
I see but you, O warlike pennant! O banner so broad, with stripes, 
I sing you only,
Flapping up there in the wind.



RISE O DAYS FROM YOUR FATHOMLESS DEEPS.



RISE O days from your fathomless deeps, till you loftier, fiercer 
sweep,
Long for my soul hungering gymnastic I devour'd what the earth 
gave me,
Long I roam'd the woods of the north, long I watch'd Niagara 
pouring,
I travel'd the prairies over and slept on their breast, I cross'd the 
Nevadas, I cross'd the plateaus,
I ascended the towering rocks along the Pacific, I sail'd out to 
sea,
I sail'd through the storm, I was refresh'd by the storm,
I watch'd with joy the threatening maws of the waves,
I mark'd the white combs where they career'd so high, curling 
over,
I heard the wind piping, I saw the black clouds,


                                      



Saw from below what arose and mounted, (O superb! O wild as 
my heart, and powerful!)
Heard the continuous thunder as it bellow'd after the lightning,
Noted the slender and jagged threads of lightning as sudden and 
fast amid the din they chased each other across the sky;
These, and such as these, I, elate, sawsaw with wonder, yet 
pensive and masterful,
All the menacing might of the globe uprisen around me,
Yet there with my soul I fed, I fed content, supercilious.




'Twas well, O soul'twas a good preparation you gave me,
Now we advance our latent and ampler hunger to fill,
Now we go forth to receive what the earth and the sea never 
gave us,
Not through the mighty woods we go, but through the mightier 
cities,
Something for us is pouring now more than Niagara pouring,
Torrents of men, (sources and rills of the Northwest are you 
indeed inexhaustible?)
What, to pavements and homesteads here, what were those storms 
of the mountains and sea?
What, to passions I witness around me today? was the sea risen?
Was the wind piping the pipe of death under the black clouds?
Lo! from deeps more unfathomable, something more deadly and 
savage,
Manhattan rising, advancing with menacing frontCincinnati, 
Chicago, unchain'd;
What was that swell I saw on the ocean? behold what comes here,
How it climbs with daring feet and handshow it dashes!
How the true thunder bellows after the lightninghow bright 
the flashes of lightning!
How Democracy with desperate vengeful port strides on, shown 
through the dark by those flashes of lightning!
(Yet a mournful wail and low sob I fancied I heard through the 
dark,
In a lull of the deafening confusion.)




Thunder on! stride on, Democracy! strike with vengeful stroke!
And do you rise higher than ever yet O days, O cities!
Crash heavier, heavier yet O storms! you have done me good,
My soul prepared in the mountains absorbs your immortal strong 
nutriment,


                                      



Long had I walk'd my cities, my country roads through farms, 
only half satisfied,
One doubt nauseous undulating like a snake, crawl'd on the 
ground before me,
Continually preceding my steps, turning upon me oft, ironically 
hissing low;
The cities I loved so well I abandon'd and left, I sped to the 
certainties suitable to me,
Hungering, hungering, hungering, for primal energies and Nature's 
dauntlessness,
I refresh'd myself with it only, I could relish it only,
I waited the bursting forth of the pent fireon the water and air 
I waited long;
But now I no longer wait, I am fully satisfied, I am glutted,
I have witness'd the true lightning, I have witness'd my cities 
electric,
I have lived to behold man burst forth and warlike America rise,
Hence I will seek no more the food of the northern solitary wilds,
No more the mountains roam or sail the stormy sea.



VIRGINIATHE WEST.

THE noble sire fallen on evil days,
I saw with hand uplifted, menacing, brandishing,
(Memories of old in abeyance, love and faith in abeyance,)
The insane knife toward the Mother of All.

The noble son on sinewy feet advancing,
I saw, out of the land of prairies, land of Ohio's waters and of 
Indiana,
To the rescue the stalwart giant hurry his plenteous offspring,
Drest in blue, bearing their trusty rifles on their shoulders.

Then the Mother of All with calm voice speaking,
As to you Rebellious, (I seemed to hear her say,) why strive 
against me, and why seek my life?
When you yourself forever provide to defend me?
For you provided me Washingtonand now these also.


CITY OF SHIPS.

CITY of ships!
(O the black ships! O the fierce ships!
O the beautiful sharpbow'd steamships and sailships!)


                                      



City of the world! (for all races are here,
All the lands of the earth make contributions here;)
City of the sea! city of hurried and glittering tides!
City whose gleeful tides continually rush or recede, whirling in 
and out with eddies and foam!
City of wharves and storescity of tall faades of marble and 
iron!
Proud and passionate citymettlesome, mad, extravagant city!
Spring up O citynot for peace alone, but be indeed yourself,
warlike!
Fear notsubmit to no models but your own O city!
Behold meincarnate me as I have incarnated you!
I have rejected nothing you offer'd mewhom you adopted I 
have adopted,
Good or bad I never question youI love allI do not con
demn any thing,
I chant and celebrate all that is yoursyet peace no more,
In peace I chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine,
War, red war is my song through your streets, O city!


THE CENTENARIAN'S STORY.
Volunteer of , (at Washington Park, Brooklyn, assisting the Centenarian.)

GIVE me your hand old Revolutionary,
The hilltop is nigh, but a few steps, (make room gentlemen,)
Up the path you have follow'd me well, spite of your hundred and 
extra years,
You can walk old man, though your eyes are almost done,
Your faculties serve you, and presently I must have them serve me.

Rest, while I tell what the crowd around us means,
On the plain below recruits are drilling and exercising,
There is the camp, one regiment departs tomorrow,
Do you hear the officers giving their orders?
Do you hear the clank of the muskets?

Why what comes over you now old man?
Why do you tremble and clutch my hand so convulsively?
The troops are but drilling, they are yet surrounded with smiles,
Around them at hand the welldrest friends and the women,
While splendid and warm the afternoon sun shines down,
Green the midsummer verdure and fresh blows the dallying 
breeze,
O'er proud and peaceful cities and arm of the sea between.



                                      



But drill and parade are over, they march back to quarters,
Only hear that approval of hands! hear what a clapping!

As wending the crowds now part and dispersebut we old man,
Not for nothing have I brought you hitherwe must remain,
You to speak in your turn, and I to listen and tell.


The Centenarian.

When I clutch'd your hand it was not with terror,
But suddenly pouring about me here on every side,
And below there where the boys were drilling, and up the slopes 
they ran,
And where tents are pitch'd, and wherever you see south and 
southeast and southwest,
Over hills, across lowlands, and in the skirts of woods,
And along the shores, in mire (now fill'd over) came again and 
suddenly raged,
As eightyfive years agone no mere parade receiv'd with applause 
of friends,
But a battle which I took part in myselfaye, long ago as it is, 
I took part in it,
Walking then this hilltop, this same ground.

Aye, this is the ground,
My blind eyes even as I speak behold it repeopled from graves,
The years recede, pavements and stately houses disappear,
Rude forts appear again, the old hoop'd guns are mounted,
I see the lines of rais'd earth stretching from river to bay,
I mark the vista of waters, I mark the uplands and slopes;
Here we lay encamp'd, it was this time in summer also.

As I talk I remember all, I remember the Declaration,
It was read here, the whole army paraded, it was read to us here,
By his staff surrounded the General stood in the middle, he held 
up his unsheath'd sword,
It glitter'd in the sun in full sight of the army.

'Twas a bold act thenthe English warships had just arrived,
We could watch down the lower bay where they lay at anchor,
And the transports swarming with soldiers.

A few days more and they landed, and then the battle.

Twenty thousand were brought against us,
A veteran force furnish'd with good artillery.



                                      



I tell not now the whole of the battle,
But one brigade early in the forenoon order'd forward to engage 
the redcoats,
Of that brigade I tell, and how steadily it march'd,
And how long and well it stood confronting death.

Who do you think that was marching steadily sternly confronting 
death?
It was the brigade of the youngest men, two thousand strong,
Rais'd in Virginia and Maryland, and most of them known per
sonally to the General.

Jauntily forward they went with quick step toward Gowanus' waters,
Till of a sudden unlook'd for by defiles through the woods, gain'd 
at night,
The British advancing, rounding in from the east, fiercely playing 
their guns,
That brigade of the youngest was cut off and at the enemy's mercy.

The General watch'd them from this hill,
They made repeated desperate attempts to burst their environment,
Then drew close together, very compact, their flag flying in the 
middle,
But O from the hills how the cannon were thinning and thinning 
them!

It sickens me yet, that slaughter!
I saw the moisture gather in drops on the face of the General.
I saw how he wrung his hands in anguish.

Meanwhile the British manoeuvr'd to draw us out for a pitch'd 
battle,
But we dared not trust the chances of a pitch'd battle.

We fought the fight in detachments,
Sallying forth we fought at several points, but in each the luck was 
against us,
Our foe advancing, steadily getting the best of it, push'd us back 
to the works on this hill,
Till we turn'd menacing here, and then he left us.

That was the going out of the brigade of the youngest men, two 
thousand strong,
Few return'd, nearly all remain in Brooklyn.



                                      



That and here my General's first battle,
No women looking on nor sunshine to bask in, it did not conclude 
with applause,
Nobody clapp'd hands here then.

But in darkness in mist on the ground under a chill rain,
Wearied that night we lay foil'd and sullen,
While scornfully laugh'd many an arrogant lord off against us 
encamp'd,
Quite within hearing, feasting, clinking wineglasses together over 
their victory.

So dull and damp and another day,
But the night of that, mist lifting, rain ceasing,
Silent as a ghost while they thought they were sure of him, my 
General retreated.

I saw him at the riverside,
Down by the ferry lit by torches, hastening the embarcation;
My General waited till the soldiers and wounded were all pass'd 
over,
And then, (it was just ere sunrise,) these eyes rested on him for 
the last time.

Every one else seem'd fill'd with gloom,
Many no doubt thought of capitulation.

But when my General pass'd me,
As he stood in his boat and look'd toward the coming sun,
I saw something different from capitulation.


Terminus.

Enough, the Centenarian's story ends,
The two, the past and present, have interchanged,
I myself as connecter, as chansonnier of a great future, am now 
speaking.

And is this the ground Washington trod?
And these waters I listlessly daily cross, are these the waters he 
cross'd,
As resolute in defeat as other generals in their proudest triumphs?

I must copy the story, and send it eastward and westward,
I must preserve that look as it beam'd on you rivers of Brooklyn.

Seeas the annual round returns the phantoms return,
It is the th of August and the British have landed,


                                      



The battle begins and goes against us, behold through the smoke 
Washington's face,
The brigade of Virginia and Maryland have march'd forth to inter
cept the enemy,
They are cut off, murderous artillery from the hills plays upon 
them,
Rank after rank falls, while over them silently droops the flag,
Baptized that day in many a young man's bloody wounds,
In death, defeat, and sisters', mothers' tears.

Ah, hills and slopes of Brooklyn! I perceive you are more valuable 
than your owners supposed;
In the midst of you stands an encampment very old,
Stands forever the camp of that dead brigade.



CAVALRY CROSSING A FORD.

A LINE in long array where they wind betwixt green islands,
They take a serpentine course, their arms flash in the sunhark 
to the musical clank,
Behold the silvery river, in it the splashing horses loitering stop to 
drink,
Behold the brownfaced men, each group, each person a picture,
the negligent rest on the saddles,
Some emerge on the opposite bank, others are just entering the 
fordwhile,
Scarlet and blue and snowy white,
The guidon flags flutter gayly in the wind.


BIVOUAC ON A MOUNTAIN SIDE.

I SEE before me now a traveling army halting,
Below a fertile valley spread, with barns and the orchards of 
summer,
Behind, the terraced sides of a mountain, abrupt, in places rising 
high,
Broken, with rocks, with clinging cedars, with tall shapes dingily 
seen,
The numerous campfires scatter'd near and far, some away up on 
the mountain,
The shadowy forms of men and horses, looming, largesized,
flickering,
And over all the skythe sky! far, far out of reach, studded,
breaking out, the eternal stars.



                                      




AN ARMY CORPS ON THE MARCH.

WITH its cloud of skirmishers in advance,
With now the sound of a single shot snapping like a whip, and 
now an irregular volley,
The swarming ranks press on and on, the dense brigades press 
on,
Glittering dimly, toiling under the sunthe dustcover'd men,
In columns rise and fall to the undulations of the ground,
With artillery interspers'dthe wheels rumble, the horses sweat,
As the army corps advances.


BY THE BIVOUAC'S FITFUL FLAME.

BY the bivouac's fitful flame,
A procession winding around me, solemn and sweet and slowbut 
first I note,
The tents of the sleeping army, the fields' and woods' dim 
outline,
The darkness lit by spots of kindled fire, the silence,
Like a phantom far or near an occasional figure moving,
The shrubs and trees, (as I lift my eyes they seem to be stealthily 
watching me,)
While wind in procession thoughts, O tender and wondrous 
thoughts,
Of life and death, of home and the past and loved, and of those 
that are far away;
A solemn and slow procession there as I sit on the ground,
By the bivouac's fitful flame.


COME UP FROM THE FIELDS FATHER.

COME up from the fields father, here's a letter from our Pete,
And come to the front door mother, here's a letter from thy dear 
son.

Lo, 'tis autumn,
Lo, where the trees, deeper green, yellower and redder,
Cool and sweeten Ohio's villages with leaves fluttering in the 
moderate wind,
Where apples ripe in the orchards hang and grapes on the trellis'd 
vines,
(Smell you the smell of the grapes on the vines?
Smell you the buckwheat where the bees were lately buzzing?)



                                      



Above all, lo, the sky so calm, so transparent after the rain, and 
with wondrous clouds,
Below too, all calm, all vital and beautiful, and the farm prospers 
well.

Down in the fields all prospers well,
But now from the fields come father, come at the daughter's call,
And come to the entry mother, to the front door come right away.

Fast as she can she hurries, something ominous, her steps 
trembling,
She does not tarry to smooth her hair nor adjust her cap.

Open the envelope quickly,
O this is not our son's writing, yet his name is sign'd,
O a strange hand writes for our dear son, O stricken mother's soul!
All swims before her eyes, flashes with black, she catches the main 
words only,
Sentences broken, gunshot wound in the breast, cavalry skirmish, 
taken to hospital,
At present low, but will soon be better.

Ah now the single figure to me,
Amid all teeming and wealthy Ohio with all its cities and farms,
Sickly white in the face and dull in the head, very faint,
By the jamb of a door leans.

Grieve not so, dear mother, (the justgrown daughter speaks 
through her sobs,
The little sisters huddle around speechless and dismay'd,)
See, dearest mother, the letter says Pete will soon be better.

Alas poor boy, he will never be better, (nor maybe needs to be 
better, that brave and simple soul,)
While they stand at home at the door he is dead already,
The only son is dead.

But the mother needs to be better,
She with thin form presently drest in black,
By day her meals untouch'd, then at night fitfully sleeping, often 
waking,
In the midnight waking, weeping, longing with one deep longing,
O that she might withdraw unnoticed, silent from life escape and 
withdraw,
To follow, to seek, to be with her dear dead son.



                                      




VIGIL STRANGE I KEPT ON THE FIELD ONE NIGHT.

VIGIL strange I kept on the field one night;
When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day,
One look I but gave which your dear eyes return'd with a look I 
shall never forget,
One touch of your hand to mine O boy, reach'd up as you lay on 
the ground,
Then onward I sped in the battle, the evencontested battle,
Till late in the night reliev'd to the place at last again I made my 
way,
Found you in death so cold dear comrade, found your body son 
of responding kisses, (never again on earth responding,)
Bared your face in the starlight, curious the scene, cool blew the 
moderate nightwind,
Long there and then in vigil I stood, dimly around me the battle
field spreading,
Vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night,
But not a tear fell, not even a longdrawn sigh, long, long I gazed,
Then on the earth partially reclining sat by your side leaning my 
chin in my hands,
Passing sweet hours, immortal and mystic hours with you dearest 
comradenot a tear, not a word,
Vigil of silence, love and death, vigil for you my son and my 
soldier,
As onward silently stars aloft, eastward new ones upward stole,
Vigil final for you brave boy, (I could not save you, swift was your 
death,
I faithfully loved you and cared for you living, I think we shall 
surely meet again,)
Till at latest lingering of the night, indeed just as the dawn 
appear'd,
My comrade I wrapt in his blanket, envelop'd well his form,
Folded the blanket well, tucking it carefully over head and care
fully under feet,
And there and then and bathed by the rising sun, my son in his 
grave, in his rudedug grave I deposited,
Ending my vigil strange with that, vigil of night and battlefield 
dim,
Vigil for boy of responding kisses, (never again on earth 
responding,)
Vigil for comrade swiftly slain, vigil I never forget, how as day 
brighten'd,
I rose from the chill ground and folded my soldier well in his 
blanket,
And buried him where he fell.



                                      




A MARCH IN THE RANKS HARDPREST, AND THE 
ROAD UNKNOWN.

A MARCH in the ranks hardprest, and the road unknown,
A route through a heavy wood with muffled steps in the darkness,
Our army foil'd with loss severe, and the sullen remnant retreating,
Till after midnight glimmer upon us the lights of a dimlighted 
building,
We come to an open space in the woods, and halt by the dim
lighted building,
'Tis a large old church at the crossing roads, now an impromptu 
hospital,
Entering but for a minute I see a sight beyond all the pictures and 
poems ever made,
Shadows of deepest, deepest black, just lit by moving candles and 
lamps,
And by one great pitchy torch stationary with wild red flame and 
clouds of smoke,
By these, crowds, groups of forms vaguely I see on the floor, some 
in the pews laid down,
At my feet more distinctly a soldier, a mere lad, in danger of 
bleeding to death, (he is shot in the abdomen,)
I stanch the blood temporarily, (the youngster's face is white as 
a lily,)
Then before I depart I sweep my eyes o'er the scene fain to 
absorb it all,
Faces, varieties, postures beyond description, most in obscurity,
some of them dead,
Surgeons operating, attendants holding lights, the smell of ether,
the odor of blood,
The crowd, O the crowd of the bloody forms, the yard outside 
also fill'd,
Some on the bare ground, some on planks or stretchers, some in 
the deathspasm sweating,
An occasional scream or cry, the doctor's shouted orders or calls,
The glisten of the little steel instruments catching the glint of the 
torches,
These I resume as I chant, I see again the forms, I smell the odor,
Then hear outside the orders given, Fall in, my men, fall in;
But first I bend to the dying lad, his eyes open, a halfsmile gives 
he me,
Then the eyes close, calmly close, and I speed forth to the 
darkness,
Resuming, marching, ever in darkness marching, on in the ranks,
The unknown road still marching.



                                      




A SIGHT IN CAMP IN THE DAYBREAK GRAY AND 
DIM.

A SIGHT in camp in the daybreak gray and dim,
As from my tent I emerge so early sleepless,
As slow I walk in the cool fresh air the path near by the hospital 
tent,
Three forms I see on stretchers lying, brought out there untended 
lying,
Over each the blanket spread, ample brownish woolen blanket,
Gray and heavy blanket, folding, covering all.

Curious I halt and silent stand,
Then with light fingers I from the face of the nearest the first just 
lift the blanket;
Who are you elderly man so gaunt and grim, with wellgray'd 
hair, and flesh all sunken about the eyes?
Who are you my dear comrade?

Then to the second I stepand who are you my child and 
darling?
Who are you sweet boy with cheeks yet blooming?

Then to the thirda face nor child nor old, very calm, as of 
beautiful yellowwhite ivory;
Young man I think I know youI think this face is the face 
of the Christ himself,
Dead and divine and brother of all, and here again he lies.


AS TOILSOME I WANDER'D VIRGINIA'S WOODS.

AS toilsome I wander'd Virginia's woods,
To the music of rustling leaves kick'd by my feet, (for 'twas 
autumn,)
I mark'd at the foot of a tree the grave of a soldier;
Mortally wounded he and buried on the retreat, (easily all could 
I understand,)
The halt of a midday hour, when up! no time to loseyet this 
sign left,
On a tablet scrawl'd and nail'd on the tree by the grave,
Bold, cautious, true, and my loving comrade.

Long, long I muse, then on my way go wandering,
Many a changeful season to follow, and many a scene of life,


                                      



Yet at times through changeful season and scene, abrupt, alone,
or in the crowded street,
Comes before me the unknown soldier's grave, comes the inscrip
tion rude in Virginia's woods,
Bold, cautious, true, and my loving comrade.


NOT THE PILOT.

NOT the pilot has charged himself to bring his ship into port,
though beaten back and many times baffled;
Not the pathfinder penetrating inland weary and long,
By deserts parch'd, snows chill'd, rivers wet, perseveres till he 
reaches his destination,
More than I have charged myself, heeded or unheeded, to com
pose a march for these States,
For a battlecall, rousing to arms if need be, years, centuries 
hence.


YEAR THAT TREMBLED AND REEL'D BENEATH ME.

YEAR that trembled and reel'd beneath me!
Your summer wind was warm enough, yet the air I breathed 
froze me,
A thick gloom fell through the sunshine and darken'd me,
Must I change my triumphant songs? said I to myself,
Must I indeed learn to chant the cold dirges of the baffled?
And sullen hymns of defeat?


THE WOUNDDRESSER.



AN old man bending I come among new faces,
Years looking backward resuming in answer to children,
Come tell us old man, as from young men and maidens that love 
me,
(Arous'd and angry, I'd thought to beat the alarum, and urge 
relentless war,
But soon my fingers fail'd me, my face droop'd and I resign'd 
myself,
To sit by the wounded and soothe them, or silently watch the 
dead;)
Years hence of these scenes, of these furious passions, these 
chances,


                                      



Of unsurpass'd heroes, (was one side so brave? the other was 
equally brave;)
Now be witness again, paint the mightiest armies of earth,
Of those armies so rapid so wondrous what saw you to tell us?
What stays with you latest and deepest? of curious panics,
Of hardfought engagements or sieges tremendous what deepest 
remains?




O maidens and young men I love and that love me,
What you ask of my days those the strangest and sudden your 
talking recalls,
Soldier alert I arrive after a long march cover'd with sweat and 
dust,
In the nick of time I come, plunge in the fight, loudly shout in 
the rush of successful charge,
Enter the captur'd worksyet lo, like a swiftrunning river they 
fade,
Pass and are gone they fadeI dwell not on soldiers' perils or 
soldiers' joys,
(Both I remember wellmany the hardships, few the joys, yet I 
was content.)

But in silence, in dreams' projections,
While the world of gain and appearance and mirth goes on,
So soon what is over forgotten, and waves wash the imprints off 
the sand,
With hinged knees returning I enter the doors, (while for you up 
there,
Whoever you are, follow without noise and be of strong heart.)

Bearing the bandages, water and sponge,
Straight and swift to my wounded I go,
Where they lie on the ground after the battle brought in,
Where their priceless blood reddens the grass the ground,
Or to the rows of the hospital tent, or under the roof'd hospital,
To the long rows of cots up and down each side I return,
To each and all one after another I draw near, not one do I miss,
An attendant follows holding a tray, he carries a refuse pail,
Soon to be fill'd with clotted rags and blood, emptied, and fill'd 
again.

I onward go, I stop,
With hinged knees and steady hand to dress wounds,
I am firm with each, the pangs are sharp yet unavoidable,


                                      



One turns to me his appealing eyespoor boy! I never knew 
you,
Yet I think I could not refuse this moment to die for you, if that 
would save you.




On, on I go, (open doors of time! open hospital doors!)
The crush'd head I dress, (poor crazed hand tear not the bandage 
away,)
The neck of the cavalryman with the bullet through and through 
I examine,
Hard the breathing rattles, quite glazed already the eye, yet life 
struggles hard,
(Come sweet death! be persuaded O beautiful death!
In mercy come quickly.)

From the stump of the arm, the amputated hand,
I undo the clotted lint, remove the slough, wash off the matter 
and blood,
Back on his pillow the soldier bends with curv'd neck and side
falling head,
His eyes are closed, his face is pale, he dares not look on the 
bloody stump,
And has not yet look'd on it.

I dress a wound in the side, deep, deep,
But a day or two more, for see the frame all wasted and sinking,
And the yellowblue countenance see.

I dress the perforated shoulder, the foot with the bulletwound,
Cleanse the one with a gnawing and putrid gangrene, so sicken
ing, so offensive,
While the attendant stands behind aside me holding the tray and 
pail.

I am faithful, I do not give out,
The fractur'd thigh, the knee, the wound in the abdomen,
These and more I dress with impassive hand, (yet deep in my 
breast a fire, a burning flame.)




Thus in silence in dreams' projections,
Returning, resuming, I thread my way through the hospitals,
The hurt and wounded I pacify with soothing hand,
I sit by the restless all the dark night, some are so young,


                                      



Some suffer so much, I recall the experience sweet and sad,
(Many a soldier's loving arms about this neck have cross'd and 
rested,
Many a soldier's kiss dwells on these bearded lips.)



LONG, TOO LONG AMERICA.

LONG, too long America,
Traveling roads all even and peaceful you learn'd from joys and 
prosperity only,
But now, ah now, to learn from crises of anguish, advancing, grap
pling with direst fate and recoiling not,
And now to conceive and show to the world what your children 
enmasse really are,
(For who except myself has yet conceiv'd what your children 
enmasse really are?)


GIVE ME THE SPLENDID SILENT SUN.



GIVE me the splendid silent sun with all his beams fulldazzling,
Give me juicy autumnal fruit ripe and red from the orchard,
Give me a field where the unmow'd grass grows,
Give me an arbor, give me the trellis'd grape,
Give me fresh corn and wheat, give me serenemoving animals 
teaching content,
Give me nights perfectly quiet as on high plateaus west of the 
Mississippi, and I looking up at the stars,
Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I 
can walk undisturb'd,
Give me for marriage a sweetbreath'd woman of whom I should 
never tire,
Give me a perfect child, give me away aside from the noise of the 
world a rural domestic life,
Give me to warble spontaneous songs recluse by myself, for my 
own ears only,
Give me solitude, give me Nature, give me again O Nature your 
primal sanities!

These demanding to have them, (tired with ceaseless excitement, 
and rack'd by the warstrife,)
These to procure incessantly asking, rising in cries from my heart,
While yet incessantly asking still I adhere to my city,


                                      



Day upon day and year upon year O city, walking your streets,
Where you hold me enchain'd a certain time refusing to give me 
up,
Yet giving to make me glutted, enrich'd of soul, you give me 
forever faces;
(O I see what I sought to escape, confronting, reversing my cries,
I see my own soul trampling down what it ask'd for.)




Keep your splendid silent sun,
Keep your woods O Nature, and the quiet places by the 
woods,
Keep your fields of clover and timothy, and your cornfields and 
orchards,
Keep the blossoming buckwheat fields where the Ninthmonth 
bees hum;
Give me faces and streetsgive me these phantoms incessant 
and endless along the trottoirs!
Give me interminable eyesgive me womengive me comrades 
and lovers by the thousand!
Let me see new ones every daylet me hold new ones by the 
hand every day!
Give me such showsgive me the streets of Manhattan!
Give me Broadway, with the soldiers marchinggive me the 
sound of the trumpets and drums!
(The soldiers in companies or regimentssome starting away, 
flush'd and reckless,
Some, their time up, returning with thinn'd ranks, young, yet very 
old, worn, marching, noticing nothing;)
Give me the shores and wharves heavyfringed with black 
ships!
O such for me! O an intense life, full to repletion and varied!
The life of the theatre, barroom, huge hotel, for me!
The saloon of the steamer! the crowded excursion for me! the 
torchlight procession!
The dense brigade bound for the war, with high piled military 
wagons following;
People, endless, streaming, with strong voices, passions, pageants,
Manhattan streets with their powerful throbs, with beating drums 
as now,
The endless and noisy chorus, the rustle and clank of muskets, 
(even the sight of the wounded,)
Manhattan crowds, with their turbulent musical chorus!
Manhattan faces and eyes forever for me.




                                      




DIRGE FOR TWO VETERANS.

   THE last sunbeam
Lightly falls from the finish'd Sabbath,
On the pavement here, and there beyond it is looking,
   Down a newmade double grave.

   LO, the moon ascending,
Up from the east the silvery round moon,
Beautiful over the housetops, ghastly, phantom moon,
   Immense and silent moon.

   I see a sad procession,
And I hear the sound of coming fullkey'd bugles,
All the channels of the city streets they're flooding,
   As with voices and with tears.

   I hear the great drums pounding,
And the small drums steady whirring,
And every blow of the great convulsive drums,
   Strikes me through and through.

   For the son is brought with the father,
(In the foremost ranks of the fierce assault they fell,
Two veterans son and father dropt together,
   And the double grave awaits them.)

   Now nearer blow the bugles,
And the drums strike more convulsive,
And the daylight o'er the pavement quite has faded,
   And the strong deadmarch enwraps me.

   In the eastern sky upbuoying,
The sorrowful vast phantom moves illumin'd,
('Tis some mother's large transparent face,
   In heaven brighter growing.)

   O strong deadmarch you please me!
O moon immense with your silvery face you soothe me!
O my soldiers twain! O my veterans passing to burial!
   What I have I also give you.

   The moon gives you light,
And the bugles and the drums give you music,
And my heart, O my soldiers, my veterans,
   My heart gives you love.



                                      




OVER THE CARNAGE ROSE PROPHETIC A VOICE.

OVER the carnage rose prophetic a voice,
Be not dishearten'd, affection shall solve the problems of freedom 
yet,
Those who love each other shall become invincible,
They shall yet make Columbia victorious.

Sons of the Mother of All, you shall yet be victorious,
You shall yet laugh to scorn the attacks of all the remainder of 
the earth.

No danger shall balk Columbia's lovers,
If need be a thousand shall sternly immolate themselves for one.

One from Massachusetts shall be a Missourian's comrade,
From Maine and from hot Carolina, and another an Oregonese,
shall be friends triune,
More precious to each other than all the riches of the earth.

To Michigan, Florida perfumes shall tenderly come,
Not the perfumes of flowers, but sweeter, and wafted beyond death.

It shall be customary in the houses and streets to see manly 
affection,
The most dauntless and rude shall touch face to face lightly,
The dependence of Liberty shall be lovers,
The continuance of Equality shall be comrades.

These shall tie you and band you stronger than hoops of iron,
I, ecstatic, O partners! O lands! with the love of lovers tie you.

(Were you looking to be held together by lawyers?
Or by an agreement on a paper? or by arms?
Nay, nor the world, nor any living thing, will so cohere.)


I SAW OLD GENERAL AT BAY.

I SAW old General at bay,
(Old as he was, his gray eyes yet shone out in battle like stars,)
His small force was now completely hemm'd in, in his works,
He call'd for volunteers to run the enemy's lines, a desperate 
emergency,
I saw a hundred and more step forth from the ranks, but two or 
three were selected,


                                      



I saw them receive their orders aside, they listen'd with care, the 
adjutant was very grave,
I saw them depart with cheerfulness, freely risking their lives.


THE ARTILLERYMAN'S VISION.

WHILE my wife at my side lies slumbering, and the wars are over 
long,
And my head on the pillow rests at home, and the vacant mid
night passes,
And through the stillness, through the dark, I hear, just hear, the 
breath of my infant,
There in the room as I wake from sleep this vision presses upon me;
The engagement opens there and then in fantasy unreal,
The skirmishers begin, they crawl cautiously ahead, I hear the 
irregular snap! snap!
I hear the sounds of the different missiles, the short tht! tht! 
of the rifleballs,
I see the shells exploding leaving small white clouds, I hear the 
great shells shrieking as they pass,
The grape like the hum and whirr of wind through the trees,
(tumultuous now the contest rages,)
All the scenes at the batteries rise in detail before me again,
The crashing and smoking, the pride of the men in their pieces,
The chiefgunner ranges and sights his piece and selects a fuse of 
the right time,
After firing I see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the 
effect;
Elsewhere I hear the cry of a regiment charging, (the young 
colonel leads himself this time with brandish'd sword,)
I see the gaps cut by the enemy's volleys, (quickly fill'd up, no 
delay,)
I breathe the suffocating smoke, then the flat clouds hover low 
concealing all;
Now a strange lull for a few seconds, not a shot fired on either side,
Then resumed the chaos louder than ever, with eager calls and 
orders of officers,
While from some distant part of the field the wind wafts to my 
ears a shout of applause, (some special success,)
And ever the sound of the cannon far or near, (rousing even in 
dreams a devilish exultation and all the old mad joy in the 
depths of my soul,)
And ever the hastening of infantry shifting positions, batteries,
cavalry, moving hither and thither,


                                      



(The falling, dying, I heed not, the wounded dripping and red I 
heed not, some to the rear are hobbling,)
Grime, heat, rush, aidedecamps galloping by or on a full run,
With the patter of small arms, the warning sst of the rifles, (these 
in my vision I hear or see,)
And bombs bursting in air, and at night the varicolor'd rockets.


ETHIOPIA SALUTING THE COLORS.

WHO are you dusky woman, so ancient hardly human,
With your woollywhite and turban'd head, and bare bony feet?
Why rising by the roadside here, do you the colors greet?

('Tis while our army lines Carolina's sands and pines,
Forth from thy hovel door thou Ethiopia com'st to me,
As under doughty Sherman I march toward the sea.)

Me master years a hundred since from my parents sunder'd,
A little child, they caught me as the savage beast is caught,
Then hither me across the sea the cruel slaver brought.

No further does she say, but lingering all the day,
Her highborne turban'd head she wags, and rolls her darkling 
eye,
And courtesies to the regiments, the guidons moving by.

What is it fateful woman, so blear, hardly human?
Why wag your head with turban bound, yellow, red and green?
Are the things so strange and marvelous you see or have seen?


NOT YOUTH PERTAINS TO ME.

NOT youth pertains to me,
Nor delicatesse, I cannot beguile the time with talk,
Awkward in the parlor, neither a dancer nor elegant,
In the learn'd coterie sitting constrain'd and still, for learning 
inures not to me,
Beauty, knowledge, inure not to meyet there are two or three 
things inure to me,
I have nourish'd the wounded and sooth'd many a dying soldier,
And at intervals waiting or in the midst of camp,
Composed these songs.



                                      




RACE OF VETERANS.

RACE of veteransrace of victors!
Race of the soil, ready for conflictrace of the conquering march!
(No more credulity's race, abidingtemper'd race,)
Race henceforth owning no law but the law of itself,
Race of passion and the storm.


WORLD TAKE GOOD NOTICE.

WORLD take good notice, silver stars fading,
Milky hue ript, weft of white detaching,
Coals thirtyeight, baleful and burning,
Scarlet, significant, hands off warning,
Now and henceforth flaunt from these shores.


O TANFACED PRAIRIEBOY.

O TANFACED prairieboy,
Before you came to camp came many a welcome gift,
Praises and presents came and nourishing food, till at last among 
the recruits,
You came, taciturn, with nothing to givewe but look'd on each 
other,
When lo! more than all the gifts of the world you gave me.


LOOK DOWN FAIR MOON.

LOOK down fair moon and bathe this scene,
Pour softly down night's nimbus floods on faces ghastly, swollen,
purple,
On the dead on their backs with arms toss'd wide,
Pour down your unstinted nimbus sacred moon.


RECONCILIATION.

WORD over all, beautiful as the sky,
Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be 
utterly lost,
That the hands of the sisters Death and Night incessantly softly 
wash again, and ever again, this soil'd world;


                                      



For my enemy is dead, a man divine as myself is dead,
I look where he lies whitefaced and still in the coffinI draw 
near,
Bend down and touch lightly with my lips the white face in the 
coffin.


HOW SOLEMN AS ONE BY ONE.
(Washington City, .)

HOW solemn as one by one,
As the ranks returning worn and sweaty, as the men file by where 
I stand,
As the faces the masks appear, as I glance at the faces studying the 
masks,
(As I glance upward out of this page studying you, dear friend,
whoever you are,)
How solemn the thought of my whispering soul to each in the 
ranks, and to you,
I see behind each mask that wonder a kindred soul,
O the bullet could never kill what you really are, dear friend,
Nor the bayonet stab what you really are;
The soul! yourself I see, great as any, good as the best,
Waiting secure and content, which the bullet could never kill,
Nor the bayonet stab O friend.


AS I LAY WITH MY HEAD IN YOUR LAP CAMERADO.

AS I lay with my head in your lap camerado,
The confession I made I resume, what I said to you and the open 
air I resume,
I know I am restless and make others so,
I know my words are weapons full of danger, full of death,
For I confront peace, security, and all the settled laws, to unsettle 
them,
I am more resolute because all have denied me than I could ever 
have been had all accepted me,
I heed not and have never heeded either experience, cautions,
majorities, nor ridicule,
And the threat of what is call'd hell is little or nothing to me,
And the lure of what is call'd heaven is little or nothing to me;
Dear camerado! I confess I have urged you onward with me, and 
still urge you, without the least idea what is our destination,
Or whether we shall be victorious, or utterly quell'd and defeated.



                                      




DELICATE CLUSTER.

DELICATE cluster! flag of teeming life!
Covering all my landsall my seashores lining!
Flag of death! (how I watch'd you through the smoke of battle 
pressing!
How I heard you flap and rustle, cloth defiant!)
Flag ceruleansunny flag, with the orbs of night dappled!
Ah my silvery beautyah my woolly white and crimson!
Ah to sing the song of you, my matron mighty!
My sacred one, my mother.


TO A CERTAIN CIVILIAN.

DID you ask dulcet rhymes from me?
Did you seek the civilian's peaceful and languishing rhymes?
Did you find what I sang erewhile so hard to follow?
Why I was not singing erewhile for you to follow, to understand
nor am I now;
(I have been born of the same as the war was born,
The drumcorps' rattle is ever to me sweet music, I love well the 
martial dirge,
With slow wail and convulsive throb leading the officer's funeral;)
What to such as you anyhow such a poet as I? therefore leave my 
works,
And go lull yourself with what you can understand, and with piano
tunes,
For I lull nobody, and you will never understand me.


LO, VICTRESS ON THE PEAKS.

LO, Victress on the peaks,
Where thou with mighty brow regarding the world,
(The world O Libertad, that vainly conspired against thee,)
Out of its countless beleaguering toils, after thwarting them all,
Dominant, with the dazzling sun around thee,
Flauntest now unharm'd in immortal soundness and bloomlo, in 
these hours supreme,
No poem proud, I chanting bring to thee, nor mastery's rapturous 
verse,
But a cluster containing night's darkness and blooddripping 
wounds,
And psalms of the dead.



                                      




SPIRIT WHOSE WORK IS DONE.
(Washington City, .)

SPIRIT whose work is donespirit of dreadful hours!
Ere departing fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
Spirit of gloomiest fears and doubts, (yet onward ever unfaltering 
pressing,)
Spirit of many a solemn day and many a savage sceneelectric 
spirit,
That with muttering voice through the war now closed, like a tire
less phantom flitted,
Rousing the land with breath of flame, while you beat and beat 
the drum,
Now as the sound of the drum, hollow and harsh to the last,
reverberates round me,
As your ranks, your immortal ranks, return, return from the battles,
As the muskets of the young men yet lean over their shoulders,
As I look on the bayonets bristling over their shoulders,
As those slanted bayonets, whole forests of them appearing in the 
distance, approach and pass on, returning homeward,
Moving with steady motion, swaying to and fro to the right and 
left,
Evenly lightly rising and falling while the steps keep time;
Spirit of hours I knew, all hectic red one day, but pale as death 
next day,
Touch my mouth ere you depart, press my lips close,
Leave me your pulses of ragebequeath them to mefill me 
with currents convulsive,
Let them scorch and blister out of my chants when you are gone,
Let them identify you to the future in these songs.


ADIEU TO A SOLDIER.

ADIEU O soldier,
You of the rude campaigning, (which we shared,)
The rapid march, the life of the camp,
The hot contention of opposing fronts, the long manoeuvre,
Red battles with their slaughter, the stimulus, the strong terrific 
game,
Spell of all brave and manly hearts, the trains of time through you 
and like of you all fill'd,
With war and war's expression.

Adieu dear comrade,
Your mission is fulfill'dbut I, more warlike,


                                      



Myself and this contentious soul of mine,
Still on our own campaigning bound,
Through untried roads with ambushes opponents lined,
Through many a sharp defeat and many a crisis, often baffled,
Here marching, ever marching on, a war fight outaye here,
To fiercer, weightier battles give expression.


TURN O LIBERTAD.

TURN O Libertad, for the war is over,
From it and all henceforth expanding, doubting no more, resolute,
sweeping the world,
Turn from lands retrospective recording proofs of the past,
From the singers that sing the trailing glories of the past,
From the chants of the feudal world, the triumphs of kings, slavery,
caste,
Turn to the world, the triumphs reserv'd and to comegive up 
that backward world,
Leave to the singers of hitherto, give them the trailing past,
But what remains remains for singers for youwars to come are 
for you,
(Lo, how the wars of the past have duly inured to you, and the 
wars of the present also inure;)
Then turn, and be not alarm'd O Libertadturn your undying 
face,
To where the future, greater than all the past,
Is swiftly, surely preparing for you.


TO THE LEAVEN'D SOIL THEY TROD.

TO the leaven'd soil they trod calling I sing for the last,
(Forth from my tent emerging for good, loosing, untying the tent
ropes,)
In the freshness the forenoon air, in the farstretching circuits and 
vistas again to peace restored,
To the fiery fields emanative and the endless vistas beyond, to the 
South and the North,
To the leaven'd soil of the general Western world to attest my 
songs,
To the Alleghanian hills and the tireless Mississippi,
To the rocks I calling sing, and all the trees in the woods,
To the plains of the poems of heroes, to the prairies spreading 
wide,


                                      



To the faroff sea and the unseen winds, and the sane impalpable 
air;
And responding they answer all, (but not in words,)
The average earth, the witness of war and peace, acknowledges 
mutely,
The prairie draws me close, as the father to bosom broad the son,
The Northern ice and rain that began me nourish me to the end,
But the hot sun of the South is to fully ripen my songs.

MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT 
LINCOLN.






WHEN LILACS LAST IN THE DOORYARD BLOOM'D.



WHEN lilacs last in the dooryard bloom'd,
And the great star early droop'd in the western sky in the night,
I mourn'd, and yet shall mourn with everreturning spring.

Everreturning spring, trinity sure to me you bring,
Lilac blooming perennial and drooping star in the west,
And thought of him I love.




O powerful western fallen star!
O shades of nightO moody, tearful night!
O great star disappear'dO the black murk that hides the star!
O cruel hands that hold me powerlessO helpless soul of me!
O harsh surrounding cloud that will not free my soul.




In the dooryard fronting an old farmhouse near the whitewash'd 
palings,
Stands the lilacbush tallgrowing with heartshaped leaves of rich 
green,
With many a pointed blossom rising delicate, with the perfume 
strong I love,


                                      



With every leaf a miracleand from this bush in the dooryard,
With delicatecolor'd blossoms and heartshaped leaves of rich 
green,
A sprig with its flower I break.




In the swamp in secluded recesses,
A shy and hidden bird is warbling a song.

Solitary the thrush,
The hermit withdrawn to himself, avoiding the settlements,
Sings by himself a song.

Song of the bleeding throat,
Death's outlet song of life, (for well dear brother I know,
If thou wast not granted to sing thou would'st surely die.)




Over the breast of the spring, the land, amid cities,
Amid lanes and through old woods, where lately the violets peep'd 
from the ground, spotting the gray debris,
Amid the grass in the fields each side of the lanes, passing the 
endless grass,
Passing the yellowspear'd wheat, every grain from its shroud in 
the darkbrown fields uprisen,
Passing the appletree blows of white and pink in the orchards,
Carrying a corpse to where it shall rest in the grave,
Night and day journeys a coffin.




Coffin that passes through lanes and streets,
Through day and night with the great cloud darkening the land,
With the pomp of the inloop'd flags with the cities draped in black,
With the show of the States themselves as of crapeveil'd women 
standing,
With processions long and winding and the flambeaus of the night,
With the countless torches lit, with the silent sea of faces and the 
unbared heads,
With the waiting depot, the arriving coffin, and the sombre faces,
With dirges through the night, with the thousand voices rising 
strong and solemn,
With all the mournful voices of the dirges pour'd around the coffin,
The dimlit churches and the shuddering organswhere amid 
these you journey,


                                      



With the tolling tolling bells' perpetual clang,
Here, coffin that slowly passes,
I give you my sprig of lilac.




(Nor for you, for one alone,
Blossoms and branches green to coffins all I bring,
For fresh as the morning, thus would I chant a song for you O 
sane and sacred death.

All over bouquets of roses,
O death, I cover you over with roses and early lilies,
But mostly and now the lilac that blooms the first,
Copious I break, I break the sprigs from the bushes,
With loaded arms I come, pouring for you,
For you and the coffins all of you O death.)




O western orb sailing the heaven,
Now I know what you must have meant as a month since I 
walk'd,
As I walk'd in silence the transparent shadowy night,
As I saw you had something to tell as you bent to me night after 
night,
As you droop'd from the sky low down as if to my side, (while 
the other stars all look'd on,)
As we wander'd together the solemn night, (for something I know 
not what kept me from sleep,)
As the night advanced, and I saw on the rim of the west how full 
you were of woe,
As I stood on the rising ground in the breeze in the cool trans
parent night,
As I watch'd where you pass'd and was lost in the netherward 
black of the night,
As my soul in its trouble dissatisfied sank, as where you sad orb,
Concluded, dropt in the night, and was gone.




Sing on there in the swamp,
O singer bashful and tender, I hear your notes, I hear your call,
I hear, I come presently, I understand you,
But a moment I linger, for the lustrous star has detain'd me,
The star my departing comrade holds and detains me.




                                      





O how shall I warble myself for the dead one there I loved?
And how shall I deck my song for the large sweet soul that has 
gone?
And what shall my perfume be for the grave of him I love?

Seawinds blown from east and west,
Blown from the Eastern sea and blown from the Western sea, till 
there on the prairies meeting,
These and with these and the breath of my chant,
I'll perfume the grave of him I love.




O what shall I hang on the chamber walls?
And what shall the pictures be that I hang on the walls,
To adorn the burialhouse of him I love?

Pictures of growing spring and farms and homes,
With the Fourthmonth eve at sundown, and the gray smoke lucid 
and bright,
With floods of the yellow gold of the gorgeous, indolent, sinking 
sun, burning, expanding the air,
With the fresh sweet herbage under foot, and the pale green leaves 
of the trees prolific,
In the distance the flowing glaze, the breast of the river, with a 
winddapple here and there,
With ranging hills on the banks, with many a line against the sky, 
and shadows,
And the city at hand with dwellings so dense, and stacks of chim
neys,
And all the scenes of life and the workshops, and the workmen 
homeward returning.




Lo, body and soulthis land,
My own Manhattan with spires, and the sparkling and hurrying 
tides, and the ships,
The varied and ample land, the South and the North in the light, 
Ohio's shores and flashing Missouri,
And ever the farspreading prairies cover'd with grass and corn.

Lo, the most excellent sun so calm and haughty,
The violet and purple morn with justfelt breezes,
The gentle softborn measureless light,


                                      



The miracle spreading bathing all, the fulfill'd noon,
The coming eve delicious, the welcome night and the stars,
Over my cities shining all, enveloping man and land.




Sing on, sing on you graybrown bird,
Sing from the swamps, the recesses, pour your chant from the 
bushes,
Limitless out of the dusk, out of the cedars and pines.

Sing on dearest brother, warble your reedy song,
Loud human song, with voice of uttermost woe.

O liquid and free and tender!
O wild and loose to my soulO wondrous singer!
You only I hearyet the star holds me, (but will soon depart,)
Yet the lilac with mastering odor holds me.




Now while I sat in the day and look'd forth,
In the close of the day with its light and the fields of spring, and 
the farmers preparing their crops,
In the large unconscious scenery of my land with its lakes and 
forests,
In the heavenly aerial beauty, (after the perturb'd winds and the 
storms,)
Under the arching heavens of the afternoon swift passing, and the 
voices of children and women,
The manymoving seatides, and I saw the ships how they 
sail'd,
And the summer approaching with richness, and the fields all busy 
with labor,
And the infinite separate houses, how they all went on, each with 
its meals and minutia of daily usages,
And the streets how their throbbings throbb'd, and the cities pent 
lo, then and there,
Falling upon them all and among them all, enveloping me with the 
rest,
Appear'd the cloud, appear'd the long black trail,
And I knew death, its thought, and the sacred knowledge of 
death.

Then with the knowledge of death as walking one side of me,
And the thought of death closewalking the other side of me,


                                      



And I in the middle as with companions, and as holding the 
hands of companions,
I fled forth to the hiding receiving night that talks not,
Down to the shores of the water, the path by the swamp in the 
dimness,
To the solemn shadowy cedars and ghostly pines so still.

And the singer so shy to the rest receiv'd me,
The graybrown bird I know receiv'd us comrades three,
And he sang the carol of death, and a verse for him I love.

From deep secluded recesses,
From the fragrant cedars and the ghostly pines so still,
Came the carol of the bird.

And the charm of the carol rapt me,
As I held as if by their hands my comrades in the night,
And the voice of my spirit tallied the song of the bird.

Come lovely and soothing death,
Undulate round the world, serenely arriving, arriving,
In the day, in the night, to all, to each,
Sooner or later delicate death.

Prais'd be the fathomless universe,
For life and joy, and for objects and knowledge curious,
And for love, sweet lovebut praise! praise! praise!
For the sureenwinding arms of coolenfolding death.

Dark mother always gliding near with soft feet,
Have none chanted for thee a chant of fullest welcome?
Then I chant it for thee, I glorify thee above all,
I bring thee a song that when thou must indeed come, come unfal
teringly.

Approach strong deliveress,
When it is so, when thou hast taken them I joyously sing the dead,
Lost in the loving floating ocean of thee,
Laved in the flood of thy bliss O death.

From me to thee glad serenades,
Dances for thee I propose saluting thee, adornments and feast
ings for thee,
And the sights of the open landscape and the highspread sky are 
fitting,
And life and the fields, and the huge and thoughtful night.



                                      



The night in silence under many a star,
The ocean shore and the husky whispering wave whose voice I 
know,
And the soul turning to thee O vast and wellveil'd death,
And the body gratefully nestling close to thee.

Over the treetops I float thee a song,
Over the rising and sinking waves, over the myriad fields and the 
prairies wide,
Over the densepack'd cities all and the teeming wharves and ways,
I float this carol with joy, with joy to thee O death.




To the tally of my soul,
Loud and strong kept up the graybrown bird,
With pure deliberate notes spreading filling the night.

Loud in the pines and cedars dim,
Clear in the freshness moist and the swampperfume,
And I with my comrades there in the night.

While my sight that was bound in my eyes unclosed,
As to long panoramas of visions.

And I saw askant the armies,
I saw as in noiseless dreams hundreds of battleflags,
Borne through the smoke of the battles and pierc'd with missiles 
I saw them,
And carried hither and yon through the smoke, and torn and 
bloody,
And at last but a few shreds left on the staffs, (and all in silence,)
And the staffs all splinter'd and broken.

I saw battlecorpses, myriads of them,
And the white skeletons of young men, I saw them,
I saw the debris and debris of all the slain soldiers of the war,
But I saw they were not as was thought,
They themselves were fully at rest, they suffer'd not,
The living remain'd and suffer'd, the mother suffer'd,
And the wife and the child and the musing comrade suffer'd,
And the armies that remain'd suffer'd.




Passing the visions, passing the night,
Passing, unloosing the hold of my comrades' hands,


                                      



Passing the song of the hermit bird and the tallying song of my 
soul,
Victorious song, death's outlet song, yet varying everaltering song,
As low and wailing, yet clear the notes, rising and falling, flooding 
the night,
Sadly sinking and fainting, as warning and warning, and yet again 
bursting with joy,
Covering the earth and filling the spread of the heaven,
As that powerful psalm in the night I heard from recesses,
Passing, I leave thee lilac with heartshaped leaves,
I leave thee there in the dooryard, blooming, returning with 
spring.

I cease from my song for thee,
From my gaze on thee in the west, fronting the west, communing 
with thee,
O comrade lustrous with silver face in the night.

Yet each to keep and all, retrievements out of the night,
The song, the wondrous chant of the graybrown bird,
And the tallying chant, the echo arous'd in my soul,
With the lustrous and drooping star with the countenance full 
of woe,
With the holders holding my hand nearing the call of the bird,
Comrades mine and I in the midst, and their memory ever to 
keep, for the dead I loved so well,
For the sweetest, wisest soul of all my days and landsand this 
for his dear sake,
Lilac and star and bird twined with the chant of my soul,
There in the fragrant pines and the cedars dusk and dim.



O CAPTAIN! MY CAPTAIN!

O CAPTAIN! my Captain! our fearful trip is done,
The ship has weather'd every rack, the prize we sought is won,
The port is near, the bells I hear, the people all exulting,
While follow eyes the steady keel, the vessel grim and daring;
   But O heart! heart! heart!
     O the bleeding drops of red,
       Where on the deck my Captain lies,
         Fallen cold and dead.

O Captain! my Captain! rise up and hear the bells;
Rise upfor you the flag is flungfor you the bugle trills,


                                      



For you bouquets and ribbon'd wreathsfor you the shores 
acrowding,
For you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning;
   Here Captain! dear father!
     This arm beneath your head!
       It is some dream that on the deck,
         You've fallen cold and dead.

My Captain does not answer, his lips are pale and still,
My father does not feel my arm, he has no pulse nor will,
The ship is anchor'd safe and sound, its voyage closed and done,
From fearful trip the victor ship comes in with object won;
   Exult O shores, and ring O bells!
     But I with mournful tread,
       Walk the deck my Captain lies,
         Fallen cold and dead.


HUSH'D BE THE CAMPS TODAY.
(May , .)

HUSH'D be the camps today,
And soldiers let us drape our warworn weapons,
And each with musing soul retire to celebrate,
Our dear commander's death.

No more for him life's stormy conflicts,
Nor victory, nor defeatno more time's dark events,
Charging like ceaseless clouds across the sky.

But sing poet in our name,
Sing of the love we bore himbecause you, dweller in camps,
know it truly.

As they invault the coffin there,
Singas they close the doors of earth upon himone verse,
For the heavy hearts of soldiers.


THIS DUST WAS ONCE THE MAN.

THIS dust was once the man,
Gentle, plain, just and resolute, under whose cautious hand,
Against the foulest crime in history known in any land or age,
Was saved the Union of these States.


                                      




BY BLUE ONTARIO'S SHORE.



BY blue Ontario's shore,
As I mused of these warlike days and of peace return'd, and the 
dead that return no more,
A Phantom gigantic superb, with stern visage accosted me,
Chant me the poem, it said, that comes from the soul of America, 
chant me the carol of victory,
And strike up the marches of Libertad, marches more powerful yet,
And sing me before you go the song of the throes of Democracy.

(Democracy, the destin'd conqueror, yet treacherous lipsmiles 
everywhere,
And death and infidelity at every step.)




A Nation announcing itself,
I myself make the only growth by which I can be appreciated,
I reject none, accept all, then reproduce all in my own forms.

A breed whose proof is in time and deeds,
What we are we are, nativity is answer enough to objections,
We wield ourselves as a weapon is wielded,
We are powerful and tremendous in ourselves,
We are executive in ourselves, we are sufficient in the variety of 
ourselves,
We are the most beautiful to ourselves and in ourselves,
We stand selfpois'd in the middle, branching thence over the 
world,
From Missouri, Nebraska, or Kansas, laughing attacks to scorn.

Nothing is sinful to us outside of ourselves,
Whatever appears, whatever does not appear, we are beautiful or 
sinful in ourselves only.

(O MotherO Sisters dear!
If we are lost, no victor else has destroy'd us,
It is by ourselves we go down to eternal night.)




Have you thought there could be but a single supreme?
There can be any number of supremesone does not counter
vail another any more than one eyesight countervails 
another, or one life countervails another.



                                      



All is eligible to all,
All is for individuals, all is for you,
No condition is prohibited, not God's or any.

All comes by the body, only health puts you rapport with the 
universe.

Produce great Persons, the rest follows.




Piety and conformity to them that like,
Peace, obesity, allegiance, to them that like,
I am he who tauntingly compels men, women, nations,
Crying, Leap from your seats and contend for your lives!

I am he who walks the States with a barb'd tongue, questioning 
every one I meet,
Who are you that wanted only to be told what you knew before?
Who are you that wanted only a book to join you in your nonsense?

(With pangs and cries as thine own O bearer of many children,
These clamors wild to a race of pride I give.)

O lands, would you be freer than all that has ever been before?
If you would be freer than all that has been before, come listen 
to me.

Fear grace, elegance, civilization, delicatesse,
Fear the mellow sweet, the sucking of honeyjuice,
Beware the advancing mortal ripening of Nature,
Beware what precedes the decay of the ruggedness of states and 
men.




Ages, precedents, have long been accumulating undirected 
materials,
America brings builders, and brings its own styles.

The immortal poets of Asia and Europe have done their work 
and pass'd to other spheres,
A work remains, the work of surpassing all they have done.

America, curious toward foreign characters, stands by its own at 
all hazards,


                                      



Stands removed, spacious, composite, sound, initiates the true 
use of precedents,
Does not repel them or the past or what they have produced 
under their forms,
Takes the lesson with calmness, perceives the corpse slowly borne 
from the house,
Perceives that it waits a little while in the door, that it was fittest 
for its days,
That its life has descended to the stalwart and wellshaped heir 
who approaches,
And that he shall be fittest for his days.

Any period one nation must lead,
One land must be the promise and reliance of the future.

These States are the amplest poem,
Here is not merely a nation but a teeming Nation of nations,
Here the doings of men correspond with the broadcast doings of 
the day and night,
Here is what moves in magnificent masses careless of particulars,
Here are the roughs, beards, friendliness, combativeness, the soul 
loves,
Here the flowing trains, here the crowds, equality, diversity, the 
soul loves.




Land of lands and bards to corroborate!
Of them standing among them, one lifts to the light a westbred 
face,
To him the hereditary countenance bequeath'd both mother's and 
father's,
His first parts substances, earth, water, animals, trees,
Built of the common stock, having room for far and near,
Used to dispense with other lands, incarnating this land,
Attracting it body and soul to himself, hanging on its neck with 
incomparable love,
Plunging his seminal muscle into its merits and demerits,
Making its cities, beginnings, events, diversities, wars, vocal in him,
Making its rivers, lakes, bays, embouchure in him,
Mississippi with yearly freshets and changing chutes, Columbia,
Niagara, Hudson, spending themselves lovingly in him,
If the Atlantic coast stretch or the Pacific coast stretch, he stretch
ing with them North or South,
Spanning between them East and West, and touching whatever is 
between them,


                                      



Growths growing from him to offset the growths of pine, cedar,
hemlock, liveoak, locust, chestnut, hickory, cottonwood,
orange, magnolia,
Tangles as tangled in him as any canebrake or swamp,
He likening sides and peaks of mountains, forests coated with 
northern transparent ice,
Off him pasturage sweet and natural as savanna, upland, prairie,
Through him flights, whirls, screams, answering those of the fish
hawk, mockingbird, nightheron, and eagle,
His spirit surrounding his country's spirit, unclosed to good and 
evil,
Surrounding the essences of real things, old times and present 
times,
Surrounding just found shores, islands, tribes of red aborigines,
Weatherbeaten vessels, landings, settlements, embryo stature and 
muscle,
The haughty defiance of the Year One, war, peace, the formation 
of the Constitution,
The separate States, the simple elastic scheme, the immigrants,
The Union always swarming with blatherers and always sure and 
impregnable,
The unsurvey'd interior, loghouses, clearings, wild animals, hunt
ers, trappers,
Surrounding the multiform agriculture, mines, temperature, the 
gestation of new States,
Congress convening every Twelfthmonth, the members duly 
coming up from the uttermost parts,
Surrounding the noble character of mechanics and farmers, espe
cially the young men,
Responding their manners, speech, dress, friendships, the gait they 
have of persons who never knew how it felt to stand in the 
presence of superiors,
The freshness and candor of their physiognomy, the copiousness 
and decision of their phrenology,
The picturesque looseness of their carriage, their fierceness when 
wrong'd,
The fluency of their speech, their delight in music, their curiosity,
good temper and openhandedness, the whole composite 
make,
The prevailing ardor and enterprise, the large amativeness,
The perfect equality of the female with the male, the fluid move
ment of the population,
The superior marine, free commerce, fisheries, whaling, golddig
ging,
Wharfhemm'd cities, railroad and steamboat lines intersecting all 
points,


                                      



Factories, mercantile life, laborsaving machinery, the Northeast,
Northwest, Southwest,
Manhattan firemen, the Yankee swap, southern plantation life,
Slaverythe murderous, treacherous conspiracy to raise it upon 
the ruins of all the rest,
On and on to the grapple with itAssassin! then your life or 
ours be the stake, and respite no more.




(Lo, high toward heaven, this day,
Libertad, from the conqueress' field return'd,
I mark the new aureola around your head,
No more of soft astral, but dazzling and fierce,
With war's flames and the lambent lightnings playing,
And your port immovable where you stand,
With still the inextinguishable glance and the clinch'd and lifted fist,
And your foot on the neck of the menacing one, the scorner 
utterly crush'd beneath you,
The menacing arrogant one that strode and advanced with his 
senseless scorn, bearing the murderous knife,
The wideswelling one, the braggart that would yesterday do so 
much,
Today a carrion dead and damn'd, the despised of all the earth,
An offal rank, to the dunghill maggots spurn'd.)




Others take finish, but the Republic is ever constructive and ever 
keeps vista,
Others adorn the past, but you O days of the present, I adorn 
you,
O days of the future I believe in youI isolate myself for your 
sake,
O America because you build for mankind I build for you,
O wellbeloved stonecutters, I lead them who plan with decision 
and science,
Lead the present with friendly hand toward the future.

(Bravas to all impulses sending sane children to the next age!
But damn that which spends itself with no thought of the stain,
pains, dismay, feebleness, it is bequeathing.)




I listened to the Phantom by Ontario's shore,
I heard the voice arising demanding bards,



                                      



By them all native and grand, by them alone can these States be 
fused into the compact organism of a Nation.

To hold men together by paper and seal or by compulsion is no 
account,
That only holds men together which aggregates all in a living 
principle, as the hold of the limbs of the body or the fibres 
of plants.

Of all races and eras these States with veins full of poetical stuff 
most need poets, and are to have the greatest, and use 
them the greatest,
Their Presidents shall not be their common referee so much as 
their poets shall.

(Soul of love and tongue of fire!
Eye to pierce the deepest deeps and sweep the world!
Ah Mother, prolific and full in all besides, yet how long barren,
barren?)




Of these States the poet is the equable man,
Not in him but off from him things are grotesque, eccentric, fail 
of their full returns,
Nothing out of its place is good, nothing in its place is bad,
He bestows on every object or quality its fit proportion, neither 
more nor less,
He is the arbiter of the diverse, he is the key,
He is the equalizer of his age and land,
He supplies what wants supplying, he checks what wants checking,
In peace out of him speaks the spirit of peace, large, rich, thrifty,
building populous towns, encouraging agriculture, arts,
commerce, lighting the study of man, the soul, health,
immortality, government,
In war he is the best backer of the war, he fetches artillery as good 
as the engineer's, he can make every word he speaks draw 
blood,
The years straying toward infidelity he withholds by his steady 
faith,
He is no arguer, he is judgment, (Nature accepts him absolutely,)
He judges not as the judge judges but as the sun falling round a 
helpless thing,
As he sees the farthest he has the most faith,
His thoughts are the hymns of the praise of things,
In the dispute on God and eternity he is silent,


                                      



He sees eternity less like a play with a prologue and denouement,
He sees eternity in men and women, he does not see men and 
women as dreams or dots.

For the great Idea, the idea of perfect and free individuals,
For that, the bard walks in advance, leader of leaders,
The attitude of him cheers up slaves and horrifies foreign despots.

Without extinction is Liberty, without retrograde is Equality,
They live in the feelings of young men and the best women,
(Not for nothing have the indomitable heads of the earth been 
always ready to fall for Liberty.)




For the great Idea,
That, O my brethren, that is the mission of poets.

Songs of stern defiance ever ready,
Songs of the rapid arming and the march,
The flag of peace quickfolded, and instead the flag we know,
Warlike flag of the great Idea.

(Angry cloth I saw there leaping!
I stand again in leaden rain your flapping folds saluting,
I sing you over all, flying beckoning through the fightO the 
hardcontested fight!
The cannons ope their rosyflashing muzzlesthe hurtled balls 
scream,
The battlefront forms amid the smokethe volleys pour incessant 
from the line,
Hark, the ringing word Charge!now the tussle and the furious 
maddening yells,
Now the corpses tumble curl'd upon the ground,
Cold, cold in death, for precious life of you,
Angry cloth I saw there leaping.)




Are you he who would assume a place to teach or be a poet here 
in the States?
The place is august, the terms obdurate.

Who would assume to teach here may well prepare himself body 
and mind,
He may well survey, ponder, arm, fortify, harden, make lithe him
self,
He shall surely be question'd beforehand by me with many and 
stern questions.



                                      



Who are you indeed who would talk or sing to America?
Have you studied out the land, its idioms and men?
Have you learn'd the physiology, phrenology, politics, geography,
pride, freedom, friendship of the land? its substratums and 
objects?
Have you consider'd the organic compact of the first day of the 
first year of Independence, sign'd by the Commissioners,
ratified by the States, and read by Washington at the head 
of the army?
Have you possess'd yourself of the Federal Constitution?
Do you see who have left all feudal processes and poems behind 
them, and assumed the poems and processes of Democracy?
Are you faithful to things? do you teach what the land and sea,
the bodies of men, womanhood, amativeness, heroic angers,
teach?
Have you sped through fleeting customs, popularities?
Can you hold your hand against all seductions, follies, whirls, fierce 
contentions? are you very strong? are you really of the 
whole People?
Are you not of some coterie? some school or mere religion?
Are you done with reviews and criticisms of life? animating now 
to life itself?
Have you vivified yourself from the maternity of these States?
Have you too the old everfresh forbearance and impartiality?
Do you hold the like love for those hardening to maturity? for the 
lastborn? little and big? and for the errant?

What is this you bring my America?
Is it uniform with my country?
Is it not something that has been better told or done before?
Have you not imported this or the spirit of it in some ship?
Is it not a mere tale? a rhyme? a prettiness?is the good old 
cause in it?
Has it not dangled long at the heels of the poets, politicians,
literats, of enemies' lands?
Does it not assume that what is notoriously gone is still here?
Does it answer universal needs? will it improve manners?
Does it sound with trumpetvoice the proud victory of the Union 
in that secession war?
Can your performance face the open fields and the seaside?
Will it absorb into me as I absorb food, air, to appear again in my 
strength, gait, face?
Have real employments contributed to it? original makers, not 
mere amanuenses?
Does it meet modern discoveries, calibres, facts, face to face?


                                      



What does it mean to American persons, progresses, cities? Chi
cago, Kanada, Arkansas?
Does it see behind the apparent custodians the real custodians 
standing, menacing, silent, the mechanics, Manhattanese,
Western men, Southerners, significant alike in their apathy,
and in the promptness of their love?
Does it see what finally befalls, and has always finally befallen, each 
temporizer, patcher, outsider, partialist, alarmist, infidel,
who has ever ask'd any thing of America?
What mocking and scornful negligence?
The track strew'd with the dust of skeletons,
By the roadside others disdainfully toss'd.




Rhymes and rhymers pass away, poems distill'd from poems pass 
away,
The swarms of reflectors and the polite pass, and leave ashes,
Admirers, importers, obedient persons, make but the soil of litera
ture,
America justifies itself, give it time, no disguise can deceive it or 
conceal from it, it is impassive enough,
Only toward the likes of itself will it advance to meet them,
If its poets appear it will in due time advance to meet them,
there is no fear of mistake,
(The proof of a poet shall be sternly deferr'd till his country 
absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorb'd it.)

He masters whose spirit masters, he tastes sweetest who results 
sweetest in the long run,
The blood of the brawn beloved of time is unconstraint;
In the need of songs, philosophy, an appropriate native grand
opera, shipcraft, any craft,
He or she is greatest who contributes the greatest original prac
tical example.

Already a nonchalant breed, silently emerging, appears on the 
streets,
People's lips salute only doers, lovers, satisfiers, positive knowers,
There will shortly be no more priests, I say their work is done,
Death is without emergencies here, but life is perpetual emer
gencies here,
Are your body, days, manners, superb? after death you shall be 
superb,
Justice, health, selfesteem, clear the way with irresistible power;
How dare you place any thing before a man?




                                      





Fall behind me States!
A man before allmyself, typical, before all.

Give me the pay I have served for,
Give me to sing the songs of the great Idea, take all the rest,
I have loved the earth, sun, animals, I have despised riches,
I have given alms to every one that ask'd, stood up for the stupid 
and crazy, devoted my income and labor to others,
Hated tyrants, argued not concerning God, had patience and 
indulgence toward the people, taken off my hat to nothing 
known or unknown,
Gone freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young,
and with the mothers of families,
Read these leaves to myself in the open air, tried them by trees,
stars, rivers,
Dismiss'd whatever insulted my own soul or defiled my body,
Claim'd nothing to myself which I have not carefully claim'd for 
others on the same terms,
Sped to the camps, and comrades found and accepted from every 
State,
(Upon this breast has many a dying soldier lean'd to breathe his 
last,
This arm, this hand, this voice, have nourish'd, rais'd, restored,
To life recalling many a prostrate form;)
I am willing to wait to be understood by the growth of the taste 
of myself,
Rejecting none, permitting all.

(Say O Mother, have I not to your thought been faithful?
Have I not through life kept you and yours before me?)




I swear I begin to see the meaning of these things,
It is not the earth, it is not America who is so great,
It is I who am great or to be great, it is You up there, or any one,
It is to walk rapidly through civilizations, governments, theories,
Through poems, pageants, shows, to form individuals.

Underneath all, individuals,
I swear nothing is good to me now that ignores individuals,
The American compact is altogether with individuals,
The only government is that which makes minute of individuals,
The whole theory of the universe is directed unerringly to one 
single individualnamely to You.



                                      



(Mother! with subtle sense severe, with the naked sword in your 
hand,
I saw you at last refuse to treat but directly with individuals.)




Underneath all, Nativity,
I swear I will stand by my own nativity, pious or impious so be it;
I swear I am charm'd with nothing except nativity,
Men, women, cities, nations, are only beautiful from nativity.

Underneath all is the Expression of love for men and women,
(I swear I have seen enough of mean and impotent modes of 
expressing love for men and women,
After this day I take my own modes of expressing love for men 
and women.)

I swear I will have each quality of my race in myself,
(Talk as you like, he only suits these States whose manners favor 
the audacity and sublime turbulence of the States.)

Underneath the lessons of things, spirits, Nature, governments,
ownerships, I swear I perceive other lessons,
Underneath all to me is myself, to you yourself, (the same monoto
nous old song.)




O I see flashing that this America is only you and me,
Its power, weapons, testimony, are you and me,
Its crimes, lies, thefts, defections, are you and me,
Its Congress is you and me, the officers, capitols, armies, ships, are 
you and me,
Its endless gestations of new States are you and me,
The war, (that war so bloody and grim, the war I will henceforth 
forget), was you and me,
Natural and artificial are you and me,
Freedom, language, poems, employments, are you and me,
Past, present, future, are you and me.

I dare not shirk any part of myself,
Not any part of America good or bad,
Not to build for that which builds for mankind,
Not to balance ranks, complexions, creeds, and the sexes,
Not to justify science nor the march of equality,
Nor to feed the arrogant blood of the brawn belov'd of time.



                                      



I am for those that have never been master'd,
For men and women whose tempers have never been master'd,
For those whom laws, theories, conventions, can never master.

I am for those who walk abreast with the whole earth,
Who inaugurate one to inaugurate all.

I will not be outfaced by irrational things,
I will penetrate what it is in them that is sarcastic upon me,
I will make cities and civilizations defer to me,
This is what I have learnt from Americait is the amount, and it 
I teach again.

(Democracy, while weapons were everywhere aim'd at your breast,
I saw you serenely give birth to immortal children, saw in dreams 
your dilating form,
Saw you with spreading mantle covering the world.)




I will confront these shows of the day and night,
I will know if I am to be less than they,
I will see if I am not as majestic as they,
I will see if I am not as subtle and real as they,
I will see if I am to be less generous than they,
I will see if I have no meaning, while the houses and ships have 
meaning,
I will see if the fishes and birds are to be enough for themselves,
and I am not to be enough for myself.

I match my spirit against yours you orbs, growths, mountains,
brutes,
Copious as you are I absorb you all in myself, and become the 
master myself,
America isolated yet embodying all, what is it finally except 
myself?
These States, what are they except myself?

I know now why the earth is gross, tantalizing, wicked, it is for my 
sake,
I take you specially to be mine, you terrible, rude forms.

(Mother, bend down, bend close to me your face,
I know not what these plots and wars and deferments are for,
I know not fruition's success, but I know that through war and 
crime your work goes on, and must yet go on.)




                                      





Thus by blue Ontario's shore,
While the winds fann'd me and the waves came trooping toward 
me,
I thrill'd with the power's pulsations, and the charm of my theme 
was upon me,
Till the tissues that held me parted their ties upon me.

And I saw the free souls of poets,
The loftiest bards of past ages strode before me,
Strange large men, long unwaked, undisclosed, were disclosed to 
me.




O my rapt verse, my call, mock me not!
Not for the bards of the past, not to invoke them have I launch'd 
you forth,
Not to call even those lofty bards here by Ontario's shores,
Have I sung so capricious and loud my savage song.

Bards for my own land only I invoke,
(For the war the war is over, the field is clear'd,)
Till they strike up marches henceforth triumphant and onward,
To cheer O Mother your boundless expectant soul.

Bards of the great Idea! bards of the peaceful inventions! (for 
the war, the war is over!)
Yet bards of latent armies, a million soldiers waiting everready,
Bards with songs as from burning coals or the lightning's fork'd 
stripes!
Ample Ohio's, Kanada's bardsbards of California! inland 
bardsbards of the war!
You by my charm I invoke.



REVERSALS.

LET that which stood in front go behind,
Let that which was behind advance to the front,
Let bigots, fools, unclean persons, offer new propositions,
Let the old propositions be postponed,
Let a man seek pleasure everywhere except in himself,
Let a woman seek happiness everywhere except in herself.



                                      




AUTUMN RIVULETS.






AS CONSEQUENT, Etc.

AS consequent from store of summer rains,
Or wayward rivulets in autumn flowing,
Or many a herblined brook's reticulations,
Or subterranean searills making for the sea,
Songs of continued years I sing.

Life's evermodern rapids first, (soon, soon to blend,
With the old streams of death.)

Some threading Ohio's farmfields or the woods,
Some down Colorado's caons from sources of perpetual snow,
Some halfhid in Oregon, or away southward in Texas,
Some in the north finding their way to Erie, Niagara, Ottawa,
Some to Atlantica's bays, and so to the great salt brine.

In you whoe'er you are my book perusing,
In I myself, in all the world, these currents flowing,
All, all toward the mystic ocean tending.

Currents for starting a continent new,
Overtures sent to the solid out of the liquid,
Fusion of ocean and land, tender and pensive waves,
(Not safe and peaceful only, waves rous'd and ominous too,
Out of the depths the storm's abysmic waves, who knows whence?
Raging over the vast, with many a broken spar and tatter'd sail.)

Or from the sea of Time, collecting vasting all, I bring,
A windrowdrift of weeds and shells.

O little shells, so curiousconvolute, so limpidcold and voiceless,
Will you not little shells to the tympans of temples held,
Murmurs and echoes still call up, eternity's music faint and far,
Wafted inland, sent from Atlantica's rim, strains for the soul of the 
prairies,
Whisper'd reverberations, chords for the ear of the West joyously 
sounding,
Your tidings old, yet ever new and untranslatable,
Infinitesimals out of my life, and many a life,


                                      



(For not my life and years alone I giveall, all I give,)
These waifs from the deep, cast high and dry,
Wash'd on America's shores?


THE RETURN OF THE HEROES.



FOR the lands and for these passionate days and for myself,
Now I awhile retire to thee O soil of autumn fields,
Reclining on thy breast, giving myself to thee,
Answering the pulses of thy sane and equable heart,
Tuning a verse for thee.

O earth that hast no voice, confide to me a voice,
O harvest of my landsO boundless summer growths,
O lavish brown parturient earthO infinite teeming womb,
A song to narrate thee.




Ever upon this stage,
Is acted God's calm annual drama,
Gorgeous processions, songs of birds,
Sunrise that fullest feeds and freshens most the soul,
The heaving sea, the waves upon the shore, the musical, strong 
waves,
The woods, the stalwart trees, the slender, tapering trees,
The liliput countless armies of the grass,
The heat, the showers, the measureless pasturages,
The scenery of the snows, the winds' free orchestra,
The stretching lighthung roof of clouds, the clear cerulean and 
the silvery fringes,
The high dilating stars, the placid beckoning stars,
The moving flocks and herds, the plains and emerald meadows,
The shows of all the varied lands and all the growths and products.




Fecund Americatoday,
Thou art all over set in births and joys!
Thou groan'st with riches, thy wealth clothes thee as a swathing
garment,
Thou laughest loud with ache of great possessions,
A myriadtwining life like interlacing vines binds all thy vast 
demesne,


                                      



As some huge ship freighted to water's edge thou ridest into 
port,
As rain falls from the heaven and vapors rise from earth, so have 
the precious values fallen upon thee and risen out of thee;
Thou envy of the globe! thou miracle!
Thou, bathed, choked, swimming in plenty,
Thou lucky Mistress of the tranquil barns,
Thou Prairie Dame that sittest in the middle and lookest out upon 
thy world, and lookest East and lookest West,
Dispensatress, that by a word givest a thousand miles, a million 
farms, and missest nothing,
Thou allacceptressthou hospitable, (thou only art hospitable as 
God is hospitable.)




When late I sang sad was my voice,
Sad were the shows around me with deafening noises of hatred 
and smoke of war;
In the midst of the conflict, the heroes, I stood,
Or pass'd with slow step through the wounded and dying.

But now I sing not war,
Nor the measur'd march of soldiers, nor the tents of camps,
Nor the regiments hastily coming up deploying in line of battle;
No more the sad, unnatural shows of war.

Ask'd room those flush'd immortal ranks, the first forthstepping 
armies?
Ask room alas the ghastly ranks, the armies dread that follow'd.

(Pass, pass, ye proud brigades, with your tramping sinewy legs,
With your shoulders young and strong, with your knapsacks and 
your muskets;
How elate I stood and watch'd you, where starting off you 
march'd.

Passthen rattle drums again,
For an army heaves in sight, O another gathering army,
Swarming, trailing on the rear, O you dread accruing army,
O you regiments so piteous, with your mortal diarrhoea, with your 
fever,
O my land's maim'd darlings, with the plenteous bloody bandage 
and the crutch,
Lo, your pallid army follows.)




                                      





But on these days of brightness,
On the farstretching beauteous landscape, the roads and lanes, 
the highpiled farmwagons, and the fruits and barns,
Should the dead intrude?

Ah the dead to me mar not, they fit well in Nature,
They fit very well in the landscape under the trees and grass,
And along the edge of the sky in the horizon's far margin.

Nor do I forget you Departed,
Nor in winter or summer my lost ones,
But most in the open air as now when my soul is rapt and at 
peace, like pleasing phantoms,
Your memories rising glide silently by me.




I saw the day the return of the heroes,
(Yet the heroes never surpass'd shall never return,
Them that day I saw not.)

I saw the interminable corps, I saw the processions of armies,
I saw them approaching, defiling by with divisions,
Streaming northward, their work done, camping awhile in clusters 
of mighty camps.

No holiday soldiersyouthful, yet veterans,
Worn, swart, handsome, strong, of the stock of homestead and 
workshop,
Harden'd of many a long campaign and sweaty march,
Inured on many a hardfought bloody field.

A pausethe armies wait,
A million flush'd embattled conquerors wait,
The world too waits, then soft as breaking night and sure as dawn,
They melt, they disappear.

Exult O lands! victorious lands!
Not there your victory on those red shuddering fields,
But here and hence your victory.

Melt, melt away ye armiesdisperse ye blueclad soldiers,
Resolve ye back again, give up for good your deadly arms,
Other the arms the fields henceforth for you, or South or North,
With saner wars, sweet wars, lifegiving wars.




                                      





Loud O my throat, and clear O soul!
The season of thanks and the voice of fullyielding,
The chant of joy and power for boundless fertility.

All till'd and untill'd fields expand before me,
I see the true arenas of my race, or first or last,
Man's innocent and strong arenas.

I see the heroes at other toils,
I see wellwielded in their hands the better weapons.

I see where the Mother of All,
With fullspanning eye gazes forth, dwells long,
And counts the varied gathering of the products.

Busy the far, the sunlit panorama,
Prairie, orchard, and yellow grain of the North,
Cotton and rice of the South and Louisianian cane,
Open unseeded fallows, rich fields of clover and timothy,
Kine and horses feeding, and droves of sheep and swine,
And many a stately river flowing and many a jocund brook,
And healthy uplands with herbyperfumed breezes,
And the good green grass, that delicate miracle the everrecurring 
grass.




Toil on heroes! harvest the products!
Not alone on those warlike fields the Mother of All,
With dilated form and lambent eyes watch'd you.

Toil on heroes! toil well! handle the weapons well!
The Mother of All, yet here as ever she watches you.

Wellpleased America thou beholdest,
Over the fields of the West those crawling monsters,
The humandivine inventions, the laborsaving implements;
Beholdest moving in every direction imbued as with life the 
revolving hayrakes,
The steampower reapingmachines and the horsepower machines,
The engines, thrashers of grain and cleaners of grain, well sepa
rating the straw, the nimble work of the patent pitchfork,
Beholdest the newer sawmill, the southern cottongin, and the 
ricecleanser.



                                      



Beneath thy look O Maternal,
With these and else and with their own strong hands the heroes 
harvest.

All gather and all harvest,
Yet but for thee O Powerful, not a scythe might swing as now in 
security,
Not a maizestalk dangle as now its silken tassels in peace.

Under thee only they harvest, even but a wisp of hay under thy 
great face only,
Harvest the wheat of Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin, every barbed spear 
under thee,
Harvest the maize of Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, each ear in 
its lightgreen sheath,
Gather the hay to its myriad mows in the odorous tranquil barns,
Oats to their bins, the white potato, the buckwheat of Michigan, 
to theirs;
Gather the cotton in Mississippi or Alabama, dig and hoard the 
golden the sweet potato of Georgia and the Carolinas,
Clip the wool of California or Pennsylvania,
Cut the flax in the Middle States, or hemp or tobacco in the 
Borders,
Pick the pea and the bean, or pull apples from the trees or bunches 
of grapes from the vines,
Or aught that ripens in all these States or North or South,
Under the beaming sun and under thee.



THERE WAS A CHILD WENT FORTH.

THERE was a child went forth every day,
And the first object he look'd upon, that object he became,
And that object became part of him for the day or a certain part 
of the day,
Or for many years or stretching cycles of years.

The early lilacs became part of this child,
And grass and white and red morningglories, and white and red 
clover, and the song of the phoebebird,
And the Thirdmonth lambs and the sow's pinkfaint litter, and 
the mare's foal and the cow's calf,
And the noisy brood of the barnyard or by the mire of the pond
side,


                                      



And the fish suspending themselves so curiously below there, and 
the beautiful curious liquid,
And the waterplants with their graceful flat heads, all became part 
of him.

The fieldsprouts of Fourthmonth and Fifthmonth became part 
of him,
Wintergrain sprouts and those of the lightyellow corn, and the 
esculent roots of the garden,
And the appletrees cover'd with blossoms and the fruit afterward,
and woodberries, and the commonest weeds by the road,
And the old drunkard staggering home from the outhouse of the 
tavern whence he had lately risen,
And the schoolmistress that pass'd on her way to the school,
And the friendly boys that pass'd, and the quarrelsome boys,
And the tidy and freshcheek'd girls, and the barefoot negro boy 
and girl,
And all the changes of city and country wherever he went.

His own parents, he that had father'd him and she that had con
ceiv'd him in her womb and birth'd him,
They gave this child more of themselves than that,
They gave him afterward every day, they became part of him.

The mother at home quietly placing the dishes on the supper
table,
The mother with mild words, clean her cap and gown, a whole
some odor falling off her person and clothes as she walks by,
The father, strong, selfsufficient, manly, mean, anger'd, unjust,
The blow, the quick loud word, the tight bargain, the crafty lure,
The family usages, the language, the company, the furniture, the 
yearning and swelling heart,
Affection that will not be gainsay'd, the sense of what is real, the 
thought if after all it should prove unreal,
The doubts of daytime and the doubts of nighttime, the curious 
whether and how,
Whether that which appears so is so, or is it all flashes and specks?
Men and women crowding fast in the streets, if they are not flashes 
and specks what are they?
The streets themselves and the faades of houses, and goods in 
the windows,
Vehicles, teams, the heavyplank'd wharves, the huge crossing at 
the ferries,
The village on the highland seen from afar at sunset, the river 
between,


                                      



Shadows, aureola and mist, the light falling on roofs and gables of 
white or brown two miles off,
The schooner near by sleepily dropping down the tide, the little 
boat slacktow'd astern,
The hurrying tumbling waves, quickbroken crests, slapping,
The strata of color'd clouds, the long bar of maroontint away 
solitary by itself, the spread of purity it lies motionless in,
The horizon's edge, the flying seacrow, the fragrance of salt 
marsh and shore mud,
These became part of that child who went forth every day, and 
who now goes, and will always go forth every day.


OLD IRELAND.

FAR hence amid an isle of wondrous beauty,
Crouching over a grave an ancient sorrowful mother,
Once a queen, now lean and tatter'd seated on the ground,
Her old white hair drooping dishevel'd round her shoulders,
At her feet fallen an unused royal harp,
Long silent, she too long silent, mourning her shrouded hope and 
heir,
Of all the earth her heart most full of sorrow because most full of 
love.

Yet a word ancient mother,
You need crouch there no longer on the cold ground with fore
head between your knees,
O you need not sit there veil'd in your old white hair so dishevel'd,
For know you the one you mourn is not in that grave,
It was an illusion, the son you love was not really dead,
The Lord is not dead, he is risen again young and strong in 
another country,
Even while you wept there by your fallen harp by the grave,
What you wept for was translated, pass'd from the grave,
The winds favor'd and the sea sail'd it,
And now with rosy and new blood,
Moves today in a new country.


THE CITY DEADHOUSE.

BY the city deadhouse by the gate,
As idly sauntering wending my way from the clangor,
I curious pause, for lo, an outcast form, a poor dead prostitute 
brought,


                                      



Her corpse they deposit unclaim'd, it lies on the damp brick 
pavement,
The divine woman, her body, I see the body, I look on it alone,
That house once full of passion and beauty, all else I notice not,
Nor stillness so cold, nor running water from faucet, nor odors 
morbific impress me,
But the house alonethat wondrous housethat delicate fair 
housethat ruin!
That immortal house more than all the rows of dwellings ever 
built!
Or whitedomed capitol with majestic figure surmounted, or all 
the old highspired cathedrals,
That little house alone more than them allpoor, desperate 
house!
Fair, fearful wrecktenement of a soulitself a soul,
Unclaim'd, avoided housetake one breath from my tremulous 
lips,
Take one tear dropt aside as I go for thought of you,
Dead house of lovehouse of madness and sin, crumbled,
crush'd,
House of life, erewhile talking and laughingbut ah, poor house,
dead even then,
Months, years, an echoing, garnish'd housebut dead, dead,
dead.


THIS COMPOST.



SOMETHING startles me where I thought I was safest,
I withdraw from the still woods I loved,
I will not go now on the pastures to walk,
I will not strip the clothes from my body to meet my lover the sea,
I will not touch my flesh to the earth as to other flesh to renew me.

O how can it be that the ground itself does not sicken?
How can you be alive you growths of spring?
How can you furnish health you blood of herbs, roots, orchards, 
grain?
Are they not continually putting distemper'd corpses within you?
Is not every continent work'd over and over with sour dead?

Where have you disposed of their carcasses?
Those drunkards and gluttons of so many generations?


                                      



Where have you drawn off all the foul liquid and meat?
I do not see any of it upon you today, or perhaps I am deceiv'd,
I will run a furrow with my plough, I will press my spade through 
the sod and turn it up underneath,
I am sure I shall expose some of the foul meat.




Behold this compost! behold it well!
Perhaps every mite has once form'd part of a sick personyet 
behold!
The grass of spring covers the prairies,
The bean bursts noiselessly through the mould in the garden,
The delicate spear of the onion pierces upward,
The applebuds cluster together on the applebranches,
The resurrection of the wheat appears with pale visage out of its 
graves,
The tinge awakes over the willowtree and the mulberrytree,
The hebirds carol mornings and evenings while the shebirds sit 
on their nests,
The young of poultry break through the hatch'd eggs,
The newborn of animals appear, the calf is dropt from the cow, 
the colt from the mare,
Out of its little hill faithfully rise the potato's dark green leaves,
Out of its hill rises the yellow maizestalk, the lilacs bloom in the 
dooryards,
The summer growth is innocent and disdainful above all those 
strata of sour dead.

What chemistry!
That the winds are really not infectious,
That this is no cheat, this transparent greenwash of the sea 
which is so amorous after me,
That it is safe to allow it to lick my naked body all over with its 
tongues,
That it will not endanger me with the fevers that have deposited 
themselves in it,
That all is clean forever and forever,
That the cool drink from the well tastes so good,
That blackberries are so flavorous and juicy,
That the fruits of the appleorchard and the orangeorchard, that 
melons, grapes, peaches, plums, will none of them poison me,
That when I recline on the grass I do not catch any disease,
Though probably every spear of grass rises out of what was once 
a catching disease.



                                      



Now I am terrified at the Earth, it is that calm and patient,
It grows such sweet things out of such corruptions,
It turns harmless and stainless on its axis, with such endless 
successions of diseas'd corpses,
It distills such exquisite winds out of such infused fetor,
It renews with such unwitting looks its prodigal, annual, sumptu
ous crops,
It gives such divine materials to men, and accepts such leavings 
from them at last.



TO A FOIL'D EUROPEAN REVOLUTIONAIRE.

COURAGE yet, my brother or my sister!
Keep onLiberty is to be subserv'd whatever occurs;
That is nothing that is quell'd by one or two failures, or any num
ber of failures,
Or by the indifference or ingratitude of the people, or by any 
unfaithfulness,
Or the show of the tushes of power, soldiers, cannon, penal statutes.

What we believe in waits latent forever through all the continents,
Invites no one, promises nothing, sits in calmness and light, is 
positive and composed, knows no discouragement,
Waiting patiently, waiting its time.

(Not songs of loyalty alone are these,
But songs of insurrection also,
For I am the sworn poet of every dauntless rebel the world over,
And he going with me leaves peace and routine behind him,
And stakes his life to be lost at any moment.)

The battle rages with many a loud alarm and frequent advance 
and retreat,
The infidel triumphs, or supposes he triumphs,
The prison, scaffold, garrot, handcuffs, iron necklace and lead
balls do their work,
The named and unnamed heroes pass to other spheres,
The great speakers and writers are exiled, they lie sick in distant 
lands,
The cause is asleep, the strongest throats are choked with their 
own blood,
The young men droop their eyelashes toward the ground when 
they meet;
But for all this Liberty has not gone out of the place, nor the 
infidel enter'd into full possession.


                                      



When liberty goes out of a place it is not the first to go, nor the 
second or third to go,
It waits for all the rest to go, it is the last.

When there are no more memories of heroes and martyrs,
And when all life and all the souls of men and women are dis
charged from any part of the earth,
Then only shall liberty or the idea of liberty be discharged from 
that part of the earth,
And the infidel come into full possession.

Then courage European revolter, revoltress!
For till all ceases neither must you cease.

I do not know what you are for, (I do not know what I am for 
myself, nor what any thing is for,)
But I will search carefully for it even in being foil'd,
In defeat, poverty, misconception, imprisonmentfor they too 
are great.

Did we think victory great?
So it isbut now it seems to me, when it cannot be help'd, that 
defeat is great,
And that death and dismay are great.


UNNAMED LANDS.

NATIONS ten thousand years before these States, and many times 
ten thousand years before these States,
Garner'd clusters of ages that men and women like us grew up and 
travel'd their course and pass'd on,
What vastbuilt cities, what orderly republics, what pastoral tribes 
and nomads,
What histories, rulers, heroes, perhaps transcending all others,
What laws, customs, wealth, arts, traditions,
What sort of marriage, what costumes, what physiology and 
phrenology,
What of liberty and slavery among them, what they thought of 
death and the soul,
Who were witty and wise, who beautiful and poetic, who brutish 
and undevelop'd,
Not a mark, not a record remainsand yet all remains.

O I know that those men and women were not for nothing, any 
more than we are for nothing,


                                      



I know that they belong to the scheme of the world every bit as 
much as we now belong to it.

Afar they stand, yet near to me they stand,
Some with oval countenances learn'd and calm,
Some naked and savage, some like huge collections of insects,
Some in tents, herdsmen, patriarchs, tribes, horsemen,
Some prowling through woods, some living peaceably on farms,
laboring, reaping, filling barns,
Some traversing paved avenues, amid temples, palaces, factories,
libraries, shows, courts, theatres, wonderful monuments.

Are those billions of men really gone?
Are those women of the old experience of the earth gone?
Do their lives, cities, arts, rest only with us?
Did they achieve nothing for good for themselves?

I believe of all those men and women that fill'd the unnamed 
lands, every one exists this hour here or elsewhere, invisible 
to us,
In exact proportion to what he or she grew from in life, and out 
of what he or she did, felt, became, loved, sinn'd, in life.

I believe that was not the end of those nations or any person of 
them, any more than this shall be the end of my nation, or 
of me;
Of their languages, governments, marriage, literature, products,
games, wars, manners, crimes, prisons, slaves, heroes, poets,
I suspect their results curiously await in the yet unseen world,
counterparts of what accrued to them in the seen world,
I suspect I shall meet them there,
I suspect I shall there find each old particular of those unnamed 
lands.


SONG OF PRUDENCE.

MANHATTAN'S streets I saunter'd pondering,
On Time, Space, Realityon such as these, and abreast with 
them Prudence.

The last explanation always remains to be made about prudence,
Little and large alike drop quietly aside from the prudence that 
suits immortality.

The soul is of itself,
All verges to it, all has reference to what ensues,


                                      



All that a person does, says, thinks, is of consequence,
Not a move can a man or woman make, that affects him or her in 
a day, month, any part of the direct lifetime, or the hour 
of death,
But the same affects him or her onward afterward through the 
indirect lifetime.

The indirect is just as much as the direct,
The spirit receives from the body just as much as it gives to the 
body, if not more.

Not one word or deed, not venereal sore, discoloration, privacy 
of the onanist,
Putridity of gluttons or rumdrinkers, peculation, cunning, betrayal,
murder, seduction, prostitution,
But has results beyond death as really as before death.

Charity and personal force are the only investments worth any 
thing.

No specification is necessary, all that a male or female does, that is 
vigorous, benevolent, clean, is so much profit to him or her,
In the unshakable order of the universe and through the whole 
scope of it forever.

Who has been wise receives interest,
Savage, felon, President, judge, farmer, sailor, mechanic, literat,
young, old, it is the same,
The interest will come roundall will come round.

Singly, wholly, to affect now, affected their time, will forever affect,
all of the past and all of the present and all of the future,
All the brave actions of war and peace,
All help given to relatives, strangers, the poor, old, sorrowful, young 
children, widows, the sick, and to shunn'd persons,
All selfdenial that stood steady and aloof on wrecks, and saw 
others fill the seats of the boats,
All offering of substance or life for the good old cause, or for a 
friend's sake, or opinion's sake,
All pains of enthusiasts scoff'd at by their neighbors,
All the limitless sweet love and precious suffering of mothers,
All honest men baffled in strifes recorded or unrecorded,
All the grandeur and good of ancient nations whose fragments we 
inherit,
All the good of the dozens of ancient nations unknown to us by 
name, date, location,


                                      



All that was ever manfully begun, whether it succeeded or no,
All suggestions of the divine mind of man or the divinity of his 
mouth, or the shaping of his great hands,
All that is well thought or said this day on any part of the globe,
or on any of the wandering stars, or on any of the fix'd 
stars, by those there as we are here,
All that is henceforth to be thought or done by you whoever you 
are, or by any one,
These inure, have inured, shall inure, to the identities from which 
they sprang, or shall spring.

Did you guess any thing lived only its moment?
The world does not so exist, no parts palpable or impalpable so 
exist,
No consummation exists without being from some long previous 
consummation, and that from some other,
Without the farthest conceivable one coming a bit nearer the 
beginning than any.

Whatever satisfies souls is true;
Prudence entirely satisfies the craving and glut of souls,
Itself only finally satisfies the soul,
The soul has that measureless pride which revolts from every lesson 
but its own.

Now I breathe the word of the prudence that walks abreast with 
time, space, reality,
That answers the pride which refuses every lesson but its own.

What is prudence is indivisible,
Declines to separate one part of life from every part,
Divides not the righteous from the unrighteous or the living from 
the dead,
Matches every thought or act by its correlative,
Knows no possible forgiveness or deputed atonement,
Knows that the young man who composedly peril'd his life and 
lost it has done exceedingly well for himself without doubt,
That he who never peril'd his life, but retains it to old age in 
riches and ease, has probably achiev'd nothing for himself 
worth mentioning,
Knows that only that person has really learn'd who has learn'd to 
prefer results,
Who favors body and soul the same,
Who perceives the indirect assuredly following the direct,
Who in his spirit in any emergency whatever neither hurries nor 
avoids death.



                                      




THE SINGER IN THE PRISON.



     O sight of pity, shame and dole!
     O fearful thoughta convict soul.

RANG the refrain along the hall, the prison,
Rose to the roof, the vaults of heaven above,
Pouring in floods of melody in tones so pensive sweet and strong 
the like whereof was never heard,
Reaching the faroff sentry and the armed guards, who ceas'd their 
pacing,
Making the hearer's pulses stop for ecstasy and awe.




The sun was low in the west one winter day,
When down a narrow aisle amid the thieves and outlaws of the 
land,
(There by the hundreds seated, searfaced murderers, wily counter
feiters,
Gather'd to Sunday church in prison walls, the keepers round,
Plenteous, wellarmed, watching with vigilant eyes,)
Calmly a lady walk'd holding a little innocent child by either 
hand,
Whom seating on their stools beside her on the platform,
She, first preluding with the instrument a low and musical prelude,
In voice surpassing all, sang forth a quaint old hymn.

   A soul confined by bars and bands,
   Cries, help! O help! and wrings her hands,
   Blinded her eyes, bleeding her breast,
   Nor pardon finds, nor balm of rest.

   Ceaseless she paces to and fro,
   O heartsick days! O nights of woe!
   Nor hand of friend, nor loving face,
   Nor favor comes, nor word of grace.

   It was not I that sinn'd the sin,
   The ruthless body dragg'd me in;
   Though long I strove courageously,
   The body was too much for me.

   Dear prison'd soul bear up a space,
   For soon or late the certain grace;


                                      



     To set thee free and bear thee home,
     The heavenly pardoner death shall come.

     Convict no more, nor shame, nor dole!
     Departa Godenfranchis'd soul!




The singer ceas'd,
One glance swept from her clear calm eyes o'er all those upturn'd 
faces,
Strange sea of prison faces, a thousand varied, crafty, brutal, 
seam'd and beauteous faces,
Then rising, passing back along the narrow aisle between them,
While her gown touch'd them rustling in the silence,
She vanish'd with her children in the dusk.

While upon all, convicts and armed keepers ere they stirr'd,
(Convict forgetting prison, keeper his loaded pistol,)
A hush and pause fell down a wondrous minute,
With deep halfstifled sobs and sound of bad men bow'd and 
moved to weeping,
And youth's convulsive breathings, memories of home,
The mother's voice in lullaby, the sister's care, the happy childhood,
The longpent spirit rous'd to reminiscence;
A wondrous minute thenbut after in the solitary night, to many, 
many there,
Years after, even in the hour of death, the sad refrain, the tune, 
the voice, the words,
Resumed, the large calm lady walks the narrow aisle,
The wailing melody again, the singer in the prison sings,

O sight of pity, shame and dole!
O fearful thoughta convict soul.



WARBLE FOR LILACTIME.

WARBLE me now for joy of lilactime, (returning in reminiscence,)
Sort me O tongue and lips for Nature's sake, souvenirs of earliest 
summer,
Gather the welcome signs, (as children with pebbles or stringing 
shells,)
Put in April and May, the hylas croaking in the ponds, the elastic 
air,
Bees, butterflies, the sparrow with its simple notes,


                                      



Bluebird and darting swallow, nor forget the highhole flashing 
his golden wings,
The tranquil sunny haze, the clinging smoke, the vapor,
Shimmer of waters with fish in them, the cerulean above,
All that is jocund and sparkling, the brooks running,
The maple woods, the crisp February days and the sugarmaking,
The robin where he hops, brighteyed, brownbreasted,
With musical clear call at sunrise, and again at sunset,
Or flitting among the trees of the appleorchard, building the nest 
of his mate,
The melted snow of March, the willow sending forth its yellow
green sprouts,
For springtime is here! the summer is here! and what is this 
in it and from it?
Thou, soul, unloosen'dthe restlessness after I know not what;
Come, let us lag here no longer, let us be up and away!
O if one could but fly like a bird!
O to escape, to sail forth as in a ship!
To glide with thee O soul, o'er all, in all, as a ship o'er the waters;
Gathering these hints, the preludes, the blue sky, the grass, the 
morning drops of dew,
The lilacscent, the bushes with dark green heartshaped leaves,
Woodviolets, the little delicate pale blossoms called innocence,
Samples and sorts not for themselves alone, but for their atmos
phere,
To grace the bush I loveto sing with the birds,
A warble for joy of lilactime, returning in reminiscence.


OUTLINES FOR A TOMB.
(G. P., Buried .)



WHAT may we chant, O thou within this tomb?
What tablets, outlines, hang for thee, O millionnaire?
The life thou lived'st we know not,
But that thou walk'dst thy years in barter, 'mid the haunts of 
brokers,
Nor heroism thine, nor war, nor glory.




Silent, my soul,
With drooping lids, as waiting, ponder'd,
Turning from all the samples, monuments of heroes.



                                      



While through the interior vistas,
Noiseless uprose, phantasmic, (as by night Auroras of the north,)
Lambent tableaus, prophetic, bodiless scenes,
Spiritual projections.

In one, among the city streets a laborer's home appear'd,
After his day's work done, cleanly, sweetair'd, the gaslight burning,
The carpet swept and a fire in the cheerful stove.

In one, the sacred parturition scene,
A happy painless mother birth'd a perfect child.

In one, at a bounteous morning meal,
Sat peaceful parents with contented sons.

In one, by twos and threes, young people,
Hundreds concentring, walk'd the paths and streets and roads,
Toward a talldomed school.

In one a trio beautiful,
Grandmother, loving daughter, loving daughter's daughter, sat,
Chatting and sewing.

In one, along a suite of noble rooms,
'Mid plenteous books and journals, paintings on the walls, fine 
statuettes,
Were groups of friendly journeymen, mechanics young and old,
Reading, conversing.

All, all the shows of laboring life,
City and country, women's, men's and children's,
Their wants provided for, hued in the sun and tinged for once 
with joy,
Marriage, the street, the factory, farm, the houseroom, lodging
room,
Labor and toil, the bath, gymnasium, playground, library, college,
The student, boy or girl, led forward to be taught,
The sick cared for, the shoeless shod, the orphan father'd and 
mother'd,
The hungry fed, the houseless housed;
(The intentions perfect and divine,
The workings, details, haply human.)




O thou within this tomb,
From thee such scenes, thou stintless, lavish giver,


                                      



Tallying the gifts of earth, large as the earth,
Thy name an earth, with mountains, fields and tides.

Nor by your streams alone, you rivers,
By you, your banks Connecticut,
By you and all your teeming life old Thames,
By you Potomac laving the ground Washington trod, by you 
Patapsco,
You Hudson, you endless Mississippinor you alone,
But to the high seas launch, my thought, his memory.



OUT FROM BEHIND THIS MASK.
(To Confront a Portrait.)



OUT from behind this bending roughcut mask,
These lights and shades, this drama of the whole,
This common curtain of the face contain'd in me for me, in you 
for you, in each for each,
(Tragedies, sorrows, laughter, tearsO heaven!
The passionate teeming plays this curtain hid!)
This glaze of God's serenest purest sky,
This film of Satan's seething pit,
This heart's geography's map, this limitless small continent, this 
soundless sea;
Out from the convolutions of this globe,
This subtler astronomic orb than sun or moon, than Jupiter, Venus, 
Mars,
This condensation of the universe, (nay here the only universe,
Here the idea, all in this mystic handful wrapt;)
These burin'd eyes, flashing to you to pass to future time,
To launch and spin through space revolving sideling, from these 
to emanate,
To you whoe'er you area look.




A traveler of thoughts and years, of peace and war,
Of youth long sped and middle age declining,
(As the first volume of a tale perused and laid away, and this the 
second,
Songs, ventures, speculations, presently to close,)
Lingering a moment here and now, to you I opposite turn,


                                      



As on the road or at some crevice door by chance, or open'd win
dow,
Pausing, inclining, baring my head, you specially I greet,
To draw and clinch your soul for once inseparably with mine,
Then travel travel on.



VOCALISM.



VOCALISM, measure, concentration, determination, and the divine 
power to speak words;
Are you fulllung'd and limberlipp'd from long trial? from vigor
ous practice? from physique?
Do you move in these broad lands as broad as they?
Come duly to the divine power to speak words?
For only at last after many years, after chastity, friendship, procrea
tion, prudence, and nakedness,
After treading ground and breasting river and lake,
After a loosen'd throat, after absorbing eras, temperaments, races, 
after knowledge, freedom, crimes,
After complete faith, after clarifyings, elevations, and removing 
obstructions,
After these and more, it is just possible there comes to a man, a 
woman, the divine power to speak words;
Then toward that man or that woman swiftly hasten allnone 
refuse, all attend,
Armies, ships, antiquities, libraries, paintings, machines, cities, 
hate, despair, amity, pain, theft, murder, aspiration, form in 
close ranks,
They debouch as they are wanted to march obediently through 
the mouth of that man or that woman.




O what is it in me that makes me tremble so at voices?
Surely whoever speaks to me in the right voice, him or her I shall 
follow,
As the water follows the moon, silently, with fluid steps, anywhere 
around the globe.

All waits for the right voices;
Where is the practis'd and perfect organ? where is the develop'd 
soul?
For I see every word utter'd thence has deeper, sweeter, new 
sounds, impossible on less terms.



                                      



I see brains and lips closed, tympans and temples unstruck,
Until that comes which has the quality to strike and to unclose,
Until that comes which has the quality to bring forth what lies 
slumbering forever ready in all words.



TO HIM THAT WAS CRUCIFIED.

MY spirit to yours dear brother,
Do not mind because many sounding your name do not under
stand you,
I do not sound your name, but I understand you,
I specify you with joy O my comrade to salute you, and to salute 
those who are with you, before and since, and those to 
come also,
That we all labor together transmitting the same charge and suc
cession,
We few equals indifferent of lands, indifferent of times,
We, enclosers of all continents, all castes, allowers of all theologies,
Compassionaters, perceivers, rapport of men,
We walk silent among disputes and assertions, but reject not the 
disputers nor any thing that is asserted,
We hear the bawling and din, we are reach'd at by divisions, jeal
ousies, recriminations on every side,
They close peremptorily upon us to surround us, my comrade,
Yet we walk unheld, free, the whole earth over, journeying up and 
down till we make our ineffaceable mark upon time and the 
diverse eras,
Till we saturate time and eras, that the men and women of races,
ages to come, may prove brethren and lovers as we are.


YOU FELONS ON TRIAL IN COURTS.

YOU felons on trial in courts,
You convicts in prisoncells, you sentenced assassins chain'd and 
handcuff'd with iron,
Who am I too that I am not on trial or in prison?
Me ruthless and devilish as any, that my wrists are not chain'd 
with iron, or my ankles with iron?

You prostitutes flaunting over the trottoirs or obscene in your 
rooms,
Who am I that I should call you more obscene than myself?



                                      



O culpable! I acknowledgeI expos!
(O admirers, praise not mecompliment not meyou make 
me wince,
I see what you do notI know what you do not.)

Inside these breastbones I lie smutch'd and choked,
Beneath this face that appears so impassive hell's tides continually 
run,
Lusts and wickedness are acceptable to me,
I walk with delinquents with passionate love,
I feel I am of themI belong to those convicts and prostitutes 
myself,
And henceforth I will not deny themfor how can I deny myself?


LAWS FOR CREATIONS.

LAWS for creations,
For strong artists and leaders, for fresh broods of teachers and 
perfect literats for America,
For noble savans and coming musicians.

All must have reference to the ensemble of the world, and the 
compact truth of the world,
There shall be no subject too pronouncedall works shall illus
trate the divine law of indirections.

What do you suppose creation is?
What do you suppose will satisfy the soul, except to walk free and 
own no superior?
What do you suppose I would intimate to you in a hundred ways,
but that man or woman is as good as God?
And that there is no God any more divine than Yourself?
And that that is what the oldest and newest myths finally mean?
And that you or any one must approach creations through such 
laws?


TO A COMMON PROSTITUTE.

BE composedbe at ease with meI am Walt Whitman, liberal 
and lusty as Nature,
Not till the sun excludes you do I exclude you,
Not till the waters refuse to glisten for you and the leaves to rustle 
for you, do my words refuse to glisten and rustle for you.



                                      



My girl I appoint with you an appointment, and I charge you that 
you make preparation to be worthy to meet me,
And I charge you that you be patient and perfect till I come.

Till then I salute you with a significant look that you do not forget 
me.


I WAS LOOKING A LONG WHILE.

I WAS looking a long while for Intentions,
For a clew to the history of the past for myself, and for these 
chantsand now I have found it,
It is not in those paged fables in the libraries, (them I neither 
accept nor reject,)
It is no more in the legends than in all else,
It is in the presentit is this earth today,
It is in Democracy(the purport and aim of all the past,)
It is the life of one man or one woman todaythe average man 
of today,
It is in languages, social customs, literatures, arts,
It is in the broad show of artificial things, ships, machinery, poli
tics, creeds, modern improvements, and the interchange of 
nations,
All for the modernall for the average man of today.


THOUGHT.

OF persons arrived at high positions, ceremonies, wealth, scholar
ships, and the like;
(To me all that those persons have arrived at sinks away from 
them, except as it results to their bodies and souls,
So that often to me they appear gaunt and naked,
And often to me each one mocks the others, and mocks himself or 
herself,
And of each one the core of life, namely happiness, is full of the 
rotten excrement of maggots,
And often to me those men and women pass unwittingly the true 
realities of life, and go toward false realities,
And often to me they are alive after what custom has served them,
but nothing more,
And often to me they are sad, hasty, unwaked sonnambules walk
ing the dusk.)



                                      




MIRACLES.

WHY, who makes much of a miracle?
As to me I know of nothing else but miracles,
Whether I walk the streets of Manhattan,
Or dart my sight over the roofs of houses toward the sky,
Or wade with naked feet along the beach just in the edge of the 
water,
Or stand under trees in the woods,
Or talk by day with any one I love, or sleep in the bed at night 
with any one I love,
Or sit at table at dinner with the rest,
Or look at strangers opposite me riding in the car,
Or watch honeybees busy around the hive of a summer forenoon,
Or animals feeding in the fields,
Or birds, or the wonderfulness of insects in the air,
Or the wonderfulness of the sundown, or of stars shining so quiet 
and bright,
Or the exquisite delicate thin curve of the new moon in spring;
These with the rest, one and all, are to me miracles,
The whole referring, yet each distinct and in its place.

To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle,
Every cubic inch of space is a miracle,
Every square yard of the surface of the earth is spread with the 
same,
Every foot of the interior swarms with the same.

To me the sea is a continual miracle,
The fishes that swimthe rocksthe motion of the waves
the ships with men in them,
What stranger miracles are there?


SPARKLES FROM THE WHEEL.

WHERE the city's ceaseless crowd moves on the livelong day,
Withdrawn I join a group of children watching, I pause aside with 
them.

By the curb toward the edge of the flagging,
A knifegrinder works at his wheel sharpening a great knife,
Bending over he carefully holds it to the stone, by foot and knee,
With measur'd tread he turns rapidly, as he presses with light but 
firm hand,


                                      



Forth issue then in copious golden jets,
Sparkles from the wheel.

The scene and all its belongings, how they seize and affect me,
The sad sharpchinn'd old man with worn clothes and broad 
shoulderband of leather,
Myself effusing and fluid, a phantom curiously floating, now here 
absorb'd and arrested,
The group, (an unminded point set in a vast surrounding,)
The attentive, quiet children, the loud, proud, restive base of the 
streets,
The low hoarse purr of the whirling stone, the lightpress'd blade,
Diffusing, dropping, sidewaysdarting, in tiny showers of gold,
Sparkles from the wheel.


TO A PUPIL.

IS reform needed? is it through you?
The greater the reform needed, the greater the Personality you 
need to accomplish it.

You! do you not see how it would serve to have eyes, blood,
complexion, clean and sweet?
Do you not see how it would serve to have such a body and soul 
that when you enter the crowd an atmosphere of desire 
and command enters with you, and every one is impress'd 
with your Personality?

O the magnet! the flesh over and over!
Go, dear friend, if need be give up all else, and commence today 
to inure yourself to pluck, reality, selfesteem, definiteness,
elevatedness,
Rest not till you rivet and publish yourself of your own Personality.


UNFOLDED OUT OF THE FOLDS.

UNFOLDED out of the folds of the woman man comes unfolded,
and is always to come unfolded,
Unfolded only out of the superbest woman of the earth is to come 
the superbest man of the earth,
Unfolded out of the friendliest woman is to come the friendliest 
man,
Unfolded only out of the perfect body of a woman can a man be 
form'd of perfect body,


                                      



Unfolded only out of the inimitable poems of woman can come 
the poems of man, (only thence have my poems come;)
Unfolded out of the strong and arrogant woman I love, only 
thence can appear the strong and arrogant man I love,
Unfolded by brawny embraces from the wellmuscled woman I 
love, only thence come the brawny embraces of the man,
Unfolded out of the folds of the woman's brain come all the folds 
of the man's brain, duly obedient,
Unfolded out of the justice of the woman all justice is unfolded,
Unfolded out of the sympathy of the woman is all sympathy;
A man is a great thing upon the earth and through eternity, but 
every jot of the greatness of man is unfolded out of 
woman;
First the man is shaped in the woman, he can then be shaped in 
himself.


WHAT AM I AFTER ALL.

WHAT am I after all but a child, pleas'd with the sound of my own 
name? repeating it over and over;
I stand apart to hearit never tires me.

To you your name also;
Did you think there was nothing but two or three pronunciations 
in the sound of your name?


KOSMOS.

WHO includes diversity and is Nature,
Who is the amplitude of the earth, and the coarseness and sex
uality of the earth, and the great charity of the earth, and 
the equilibrium also,
Who has not look'd forth from the windows the eyes for nothing,
or whose brain held audience with messengers for nothing,
Who contains believers and disbelievers, who is the most majestic 
lover,
Who holds duly his or her triune proportion of realism, spiritualism,
and of the aesthetic or intellectual,
Who having consider'd the body finds all its organs and parts 
good,
Who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body under
stands by subtle analogies all other theories,
The theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these 
States;


                                      



Who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in 
other globes with their suns and moons,
Who, constructing the house of himself or herself, not for a day 
but for all time, sees races, eras, dates, generations,
The past, the future, dwelling there, like space, inseparable to
gether.


OTHERS MAY PRAISE WHAT THEY LIKE.

OTHERS may praise what they like;
But I, from the banks of the running Missouri, praise nothing in 
art or aught else,
Till it has well inhaled the atmosphere of this river, also the 
western prairiescent,
And exudes it all again.


WHO LEARNS MY LESSON COMPLETE?

WHO learns my lesson complete?
Boss, journeyman, apprentice, churchman and atheist,
The stupid and the wise thinker, parents and offspring, merchant,
clerk, porter and customer,
Editor, author, artist, and schoolboydraw nigh and commence;
It is no lessonit lets down the bars to a good lesson,
And that to another, and every one to another still.

The great laws take and effuse without argument,
I am of the same style, for I am their friend,
I love them quits and quits, I do not halt and make salaams.

I lie abstracted and hear beautiful tales of things and the reasons 
of things,
They are so beautiful I nudge myself to listen.

I cannot say to any person what I hearI cannot say it to myself 
it is very wonderful.

It is no small matter, this round and delicious globe moving so 
exactly in its orbit for ever and ever, without one jolt or the 
untruth of a single second,
I do not think it was made in six days, nor in ten thousand years,
nor ten billions of years,
Nor plann'd and built one thing after another as an architect 
plans and builds a house.



                                      



I do not think seventy years is the time of a man or woman,
Nor that seventy millions of years is the time of a man or woman,
Nor that years will ever stop the existence of me, or any one else.

Is it wonderful that I should be immortal? as every one is im
mortal;
I know it is wonderful, but my eyesight is equally wonderful, and 
how I was conceived in my mother's womb is equally 
wonderful,
And pass'd from a babe in the creeping trance of a couple of 
summers and winters to articulate and walkall this is 
equally wonderful.

And that my soul embraces you this hour, and we affect each 
other without ever seeing each other, and never perhaps to 
see each other, is every bit as wonderful.

And that I can think such thoughts as these is just as wonderful,
And that I can remind you, and you think them and know them 
to be true, is just as wonderful.

And that the moon spins round the earth and on with the earth, is 
equally wonderful,
And that they balance themselves with the sun and stars is equally 
wonderful.


TESTS.

ALL submit to them where they sit, inner, secure, unapproachable 
to analysis in the soul,
Not traditions, not the outer authorities are the judges,
They are the judges of outer authorities and of all traditions,
They corroborate as they go only whatever corroborates them
selves, and touches themselves;
For all that, they have it forever in themselves to corroborate far 
and near without one exception.


THE TORCH.

ON my Northwest coast in the midst of the night a fishermen's 
group stands watching,
Out on the lake that expands before them, others are spearing 
salmon,
The canoe, a dim shadowy thing, moves across the black water,
Bearing a torch ablaze at the prow.



                                      




O STAR OF FRANCE.
.

O STAR of France,
The brightness of thy hope and strength and fame,
Like some proud ship that led the fleet so long,
Beseems today a wreck driven by the gale, a mastless hulk,
And 'mid its teeming madden'd halfdrown'd crowds,
Nor helm nor helmsman.

Dim smitten star,
Orb not of France alone, pale symbol of my soul, its dearest 
hopes,
The struggle and the daring, rage divine for liberty,
Of aspirations toward the far ideal, enthusiast's dreams of brother
hood,
Of terror to the tyrant and the priest.

Star crucifiedby traitors sold,
Star panting o'er a land of death, heroic land,
Strange, passionate, mocking, frivolous land.

Miserable! yet for thy errors, vanities, sins, I will not now rebuke 
thee,
Thy unexampled woes and pangs have quell'd them all,
And left thee sacred.

In that amid thy many faults thou ever aimedst highly,
In that thou wouldst not really sell thyself however great the price,
In that thou surely wakedst weeping from thy drugg'd sleep,
In that alone among thy sisters thou, giantess, didst rend the ones 
that shamed thee,
In that thou couldst not, wouldst not, wear the usual chains,
This cross, thy livid face, thy pierced hands and feet,
The spear thrust in thy side.

O star! O ship of France, beat back and baffled long!
Bear up O smitten orb! O ship continue on!

Sure as the ship of all, the Earth itself,
Product of deathly fire and turbulent chaos,
Forth from its spasms of fury and its poisons,
Issuing at last in perfect power and beauty,
Onward beneath the sun following its course,
So thee O ship of France!



                                      



Finish'd the days, the clouds dispel'd,
The travail o'er, the longsought extrication,
When lo! reborn, high o'er the European world,
(In gladness answering thence, as face afar to face, reflecting ours 
Columbia,)
Again thy star O France, fair lustrous star,
In heavenly peace, clearer, more bright than ever,
Shall beam immortal.


THE OXTAMER.

IN a faraway northern county in the placid pastoral region,
Lives my farmer friend, the theme of my recitative, a famous 
tamer of oxen,
There they bring him the threeyearolds and the fouryearolds to 
break them,
He will take the wildest steer in the world and break him and 
tame him,
He will go fearless without any whip where the young bullock 
chafes up and down the yard,
The bullock's head tosses restless high in the air with raging eyes,
Yet see you! how soon his rage subsideshow soon this tamer 
tames him;
See you! on the farms hereabout a hundred oxen young and old,
and he is the man who has tamed them,
They all know him, all are affectionate to him;
See you! some are such beautiful animals, so lofty looking;
Some are buffcolor'd, some mottled, one has a white line running 
along his back, some are brindled,
Some have wide flaring horns (a good sign)see you! the 
bright hides,
See, the two with stars on their foreheadssee, the round bodies 
and broad backs,
How straight and square they stand on their legswhat fine 
sagacious eyes!
How they watch their tamerthey wish him near themhow 
they turn to look after him!
What yearning expression! how uneasy they are when he moves 
away from them;
Now I marvel what it can be he appears to them, (books, politics,
poems, departall else departs,)
I confess I envy only his fascinationmy silent, illiterate friend,
Whom a hundred oxen love there in his life on farms,
In the northern county far, in the placid pastoral region.



                                      




AN OLD MAN'S THOUGHT OF SCHOOL.
For the Inauguration of a Public School, Camden, New Jersey, .

AN old man's thought of school,
An old man gathering youthful memories and blooms that youth 
itself cannot.

Now only do I know you,
O fair auroral skiesO morning dew upon the grass!

And these I see, these sparkling eyes,
These stores of mystic meaning, these young lives,
Building, equipping like a fleet of ships, immortal ships,
Soon to sail out over the measureless seas,
On the soul's voyage.

Only a lot of boys and girls?
Only the tiresome spelling, writing, ciphering classes?
Only a public school?

Ah more, infinitely more;
(As George Fox rais'd his warning cry, "Is it this pile of brick 
and mortar, these dead floors, windows, rails, you call the 
church?
Why this is not the church at allthe church is living, ever living 
souls.")

And you America,
Cast you the real reckoning for your present?
The lights and shadows of your future, good or evil?
To girlhood, boyhood look, the teacher and the school.


WANDERING AT MORN.

WANDERING at morn,
Emerging from the night from gloomy thoughts, thee in my 
thoughts,
Yearning for thee harmonious Union! thee, singing bird divine!
Thee coil'd in evil times my country, with craft and black dismay,
with every meanness, treason thrust upon thee,
This common marvel I beheldthe parent thrush I watch'd feed
ing its young,
The singing thrush whose tones of joy and faith ecstatic,
Fail not to certify and cheer my soul.



                                      



There ponder'd, felt I,
If worms, snakes, loathsome grubs, may to sweet spiritual songs 
be turn'd,
If vermin so transposed, so used and bless'd may be,
Then may I trust in you, your fortunes, days, my country;
Who knows but these may be the lessons fit for you?
From these your future song may rise with joyous trills,
Destin'd to fill the world.


ITALIAN MUSIC IN DAKOTA.
"The Seventeenththe finest Regimental Band I ever heard."

THROUGH the soft evening air enwinding all,
Rocks, woods, fort, cannon, pacing sentries, endless wilds,
In dulcet streams, in flutes' and cornets' notes,
Electric, pensive, turbulent, artificial,
(Yet strangely fitting even here, meanings unknown before,
Subtler than ever, more harmony, as if born here, related here,
Not to the city's fresco'd rooms, not to the audience of the opera 
house,
Sounds, echoes, wandering strains, as really here at home,
Sonnambula's innocent love, trios with Norma's anguish,
And thy ecstatic chorus Poliuto;)
Ray'd in the limpid yellow slanting sundown,
Music, Italian music in Dakota.

While Nature, sovereign of this gnarl'd realm,
Lurking in hidden barbaric grim recesses,
Acknowledging rapport however far remov'd,
(As some old root or soil of earth its lastborn flower or fruit,)
Listens well pleas'd.


WITH ALL THY GIFTS.

WITH all thy gifts America,
Standing secure, rapidly tending, overlooking the world,
Power, wealth, extent, vouchsafed to theewith these and like 
of these vouchsafed to thee,
What if one gift thou lackest? (the ultimate human problem never 
solving,)
The gift of perfect women fit for theewhat if that gift of gifts 
thou lackest?
The towering feminine of thee? the beauty, health, completion,
fit for thee?
The mothers fit for thee?



                                      




MY PICTUREGALLERY.

IN a little house keep I pictures suspended, it is not a fix'd house,
It is round, it is only a few inches from one side to the other;
Yet behold, it has room for all the shows of the world, all memo
ries!
Here the tableaus of life, and here the groupings of death;
Here, do you know this? this is cicerone himself,
With finger rais'd he points to the prodigal pictures.


THE PRAIRIE STATES.

A NEWER garden of creation, no primal solitude,
Dense, joyous, modern, populous millions, cities and farms,
With iron interlaced, composite, tied, many in one,
By all the world contributedfreedom's and law's and thrift's 
society,
The crown and teeming paradise, so far, of time's accumulations,
To justify the past.

PROUD MUSIC OF THE STORM.



PROUD music of the storm,
Blast that careers so free, whistling across the prairies,
Strong hum of forest treetopswind of the mountains,
Personified dim shapesyou hidden orchestras,
You serenades of phantoms with instruments alert,
Blending with Nature's rhythmus all the tongues of nations;
You chords left as by vast composersyou choruses,
You formless, free, religious dancesyou from the Orient,
You undertone of rivers, roar of pouring cataracts,
You sounds from distant guns with galloping cavalry,
Echoes of camps with all the different buglecalls,
Trooping tumultuous, filling the midnight late, bending me power
less,
Entering my lonesome slumberchamber, why have you seiz'd me?




Come forward O my soul, and let the rest retire,
Listen, lose not, it is toward thee they tend,
Parting the midnight, entering my slumberchamber,
For thee they sing and dance O soul.



                                      



A festival song,
The duet of the bridegroom and the bride, a marriagemarch,
With lips of love, and hearts of lovers fill'd to the brim with love,
The redflush'd cheeks and perfumes, the cortege swarming full of 
friendly faces young and old,
To flutes' clear notes and sounding harps' cantabile.

Now loud approaching drums,
Victoria! see'st thou in powdersmoke the banners torn but flying?
the rout of the baffled?
Hearest those shouts of a conquering army?

(Ah soul, the sobs of women, the wounded groaning in agony,
The hiss and crackle of flames, the blacken'd ruins, the embers 
of cities,
The dirge and desolation of mankind.)

Now airs antique and mediaeval fill me,
I see and hear old harpers with their harps at Welsh festivals,
I hear the minnesingers singing their lays of love,
I hear the minstrels, gleemen, troubadours, of the middle ages.

Now the great organ sounds,
Tremulous, while underneath, (as the hid footholds of the earth,
On which arising rest, and leaping forth depend,
All shapes of beauty, grace and strength, all hues we know,
Green blades of grass and warbling birds, children that gambol 
and play, the clouds of heaven above,)
The strong base stands, and its pulsations intermits not,
Bathing, supporting, merging all the rest, maternity of all the 
rest,
And with it every instrument in multitudes,
The players playing, all the world's musicians,
The solemn hymns and masses rousing adoration,
All passionate heartchants, sorrowful appeals,
The measureless sweet vocalists of ages,
And for their solvent setting earth's own diapason,
Of winds and woods and mighty ocean waves,
A new composite orchestra, binder of years and climes, tenfold 
renewer,
As of the farback days the poets tell, the Paradiso,
The straying thence, the separation long, but now the wandering 
done,
The journey done, the journeyman come home,
And man and art with Nature fused again.



                                      



Tutti! for earth and heaven;
(The Almighty leader now for once has signal'd with his wand.)

The manly strophe of the husbands of the world,
And all the wives responding.

The tongues of violins,
(I think O tongues ye tell this heart, that cannot tell itself,
This brooding yearning heart, that cannot tell itself.)




Ah from a little child,
Thou knowest soul how to me all sounds became music,
My mother's voice in lullaby or hymn,
(The voice, O tender voices, memory's loving voices,
Last miracle of all, O dearest mother's, sister's, voices;)
The rain, the growing corn, the breeze among the longleav'd corn,
The measur'd seasurf beating on the sand,
The twittering bird, the hawk's sharp scream,
The wildfowl's notes at night as flying low migrating north or 
south,
The psalm in the country church or mid the clustering trees, the 
open air campmeeting,
The fiddler in the tavern, the glee, the longstrung sailorsong,
The lowing cattle, bleating sheep, the crowing cock at dawn.

All songs of current lands come sounding round me,
The German airs of friendship, wine and love,
Irish ballads, merry jigs and dances, English warbles,
Chansons of France, Scotch tunes, and o'er the rest,
Italia's peerless compositions.

Across the stage with pallor on her face, yet lurid passion,
Stalks Norma brandishing the dagger in her hand.

I see poor crazed Lucia's eyes' unnatural gleam,
Her hair down her back falls loose and dishevel'd.

I see where Ernani walking the bridal garden,
Amid the scent of nightroses, radiant, holding his bride by the 
hand,
Hears the infernal call, the deathpledge of the horn.

To crossing swords and gray hairs bared to heaven,
The clear electric base and baritone of the world,
The trombone duo, Libertad forever!



                                      



From Spanish chestnut trees' dense shade,
By old and heavy convent walls a wailing song,
Song of lost love, the torch of youth and life quench'd in despair,
Song of the dying swan, Fernando's heart is breaking.

Awaking from her woes at last retriev'd Amina sings,
Copious as stars and glad as morning light the torrents of her joy.

(The teeming lady comes,
The lustrious orb, Venus contralto, the blooming mother,
Sister of loftiest gods, Alboni's self I hear.)




I hear those odes, symphonies, operas,
I hear in the William Tell the music of an arous'd and angry 
people,
I hear Meyerbeer's Huguenots, the Prophet, or Robert,
Gounod's Faust, or Mozart's Don Juan.

I hear the dancemusic of all nations,
The waltz, some delicious measure, lapsing, bathing me in bliss,
The bolero to tinkling guitars and clattering castanets.

I see religious dances old and new,
I hear the sound of the Hebrew lyre,
I see the crusaders marching bearing the cross on high, to the 
martial clang of cymbals,
I hear dervishes monotonously chanting, interspers'd with frantic 
shouts, as they spin around turning always towards Mecca,
I see the rapt religious dances of the Persians and the Arabs,
Again, at Eleusis, home of Ceres, I see the modern Greeks dancing,
I hear them clapping their hands as they bend their bodies,
I hear the metrical shuffling of their feet.

I see again the wild old Corybantian dance, the performers 
wounding each other,
I see the Roman youth to the shrill sound of flageolets throwing 
and catching their weapons,
As they fall on their knees and rise again.

I hear from the Mussulman mosque the muezzin calling,
I see the worshippers within, nor form nor sermon, argument nor 
word,
But silent, strange, devout, rais'd, glowing heads, ecstatic faces.



                                      



I hear the Egyptian harp of many strings,
The primitive chants of the Nile boatmen,
The sacred imperial hymns of China,
To the delicate sounds of the king, (the stricken wood and stone,)
Or to Hindu flutes and the fretting twang of the vina,
A band of bayaderes.




Now Asia, Africa leave me, Europe seizing inflates me,
To organs huge and bands I hear as from vast concourses of 
voices,
Luther's strong hymn, Eine feste Burg ist unser Gott,
Rossini's Stabat Mater dolorosa,
Or floating in some high cathedral dim with gorgeous color'd 
windows,
The passionate Agnus Dei or Gloria in Excelsis.

Composers! mighty maestros!
And you, sweet singers of old lands, soprani, tenori, bassi!
To you a new bard caroling in the West,
Obeisant sends his love.

(Such led to thee O soul,
All senses, shows and objects, lead to thee,
But now it seems to me sound leads o'er all the rest.)

I hear the annual singing of the children in St. Paul's cathedral,
Or, under the high roof of some colossal hall, the symphonies,
oratorios of Beethoven, Handel, or Haydn,
The Creation in billows of godhood laves me.

Give me to hold all sounds, (I madly struggling cry,)
Fill me with all the voices of the universe,
Endow me with their throbbings, Nature's also,
The tempests, waters, winds, operas and chants, marches and 
dances,
Utter, pour in, for I would take them all!




Then I woke softly,
And pausing, questioning awhile the music of my dream,
And questioning all those reminiscences, the tempest in its fury,
And all the songs of sopranos and tenors,
And those rapt oriental dances of religious fervor,


                                      



And the sweet varied instruments, and the diapason of organs,
And all the artless plaints of love and grief and death,
I said to my silent curious soul out of the bed of the slumber
chamber,
Come, for I have found the clew I sought so long,
Let us go forth refresh'd amid the day,
Cheerfully tallying life, walking the world, the real,
Nourish'd henceforth by our celestial dream.

And I said, moreover,
Haply what thou hast heard O soul was not the sound of winds,
Nor dream of raging storm, nor seahawk's flapping wings nor 
harsh scream,
Nor vocalism of sunbright Italy,
Nor German organ majestic, nor vast concourse of voices, nor 
layers of harmonies,
Nor strophes of husbands and wives, nor sound of marching 
soldiers,
Nor flutes, nor harps, nor the buglecalls of camps,
But to a new rhythmus fitted for thee,
Poems bridging the way from Life to Death, vaguely wafted in 
night air, uncaught, unwritten,
Which let us go forth in the bold day and write.



PASSAGE TO INDIA.



SINGING my days,
Singing the great achievements of the present,
Singing the strong light works of engineers,
Our modern wonders, (the antique ponderous Seven outvied,)
In the Old World the east the Suez canal,
The New by its mighty railroad spann'd,
The seas inlaid with eloquent gentle wires;
Yet first to sound, and ever sound, the cry with thee O soul,
The Past! the Past! the Past!

The Pastthe dark unfathom'd retrospect!
The teeming gulfthe sleepers and the shadows!
The pastthe infinite greatness of the past!
For what is the present after all but a growth out of the past?


                                      



(As a projectile form'd, impell'd, passing a certain line, still keeps 
on,
So the present, utterly form'd, impell'd by the past.)




Passage O soul to India!
Eclaircise the myths Asiatic, the primitive fables.

Not you alone proud truths of the world,
Nor you alone ye facts of modern science,
But myths and fables of eld, Asia's, Africa's fables,
The fardarting beams of the spirit, the unloos'd dreams,
The deep diving bibles and legends,
The daring plots of the poets, the elder religions;
O you temples fairer than lilies pour'd over by the rising sun!
O you fables spurning the known, eluding the hold of the known,
mounting to heaven!
You lofty and dazzling towers, pinnacled, red as roses, burnish'd 
with gold!
Towers of fables immortal fashion'd from mortal dreams!
You too I welcome and fully the same as the rest!
You too with joy I sing.

Passage to India!
Lo, soul, seest thou not God's purpose from the first?
The earth to be spann'd, connected by network,
The races, neighbors, to marry and be given in marriage,
The oceans to be cross'd, the distant brought near,
The lands to be welded together.

A worship new I sing,
You captains, voyagers, explorers, yours,
You engineers, you architects, machinists, yours,
You, not for trade or transportation only,
But in God's name, and for thy sake O soul.




Passage to India!
Lo soul for thee of tableaus twain,
I see in one the Suez canal initiated, open'd,
I see the procession of steamships, the Empress Eugenie's leading 
the van,
I mark from on deck the strange landscape, the pure sky, the 
level sand in the distance,
I pass swiftly the picturesque groups, the workmen gather'd,
The gigantic dredging machines.



                                      



In one again, different, (yet thine, all thine, O soul, the same,)
I see over my own continent the Pacific railroad surmounting 
every barrier,
I see continual trains of cars winding along the Platte carrying 
freight and passengers,
I hear the locomotives rushing and roaring, and the shrill steam
whistle,
I hear the echoes reverberate through the grandest scenery in the 
world,
I cross the Laramie plains, I note the rocks in grotesque shapes,
the buttes,
I see the plentiful larkspur and wild onions, the barren, colorless,
sagedeserts,
I see in glimpses afar or towering immediately above me the 
great mountains, I see the Wind river and the Wahsatch 
mountains,
I see the Monument mountain and the Eagle's Nest, I pass the 
Promontory, I ascend the Nevadas,
I scan the noble Elk mountain and wind around its base,
I see the Humboldt range, I thread the valley and cross the river,
I see the clear waters of lake Tahoe, I see forests of majestic 
pines,
Or crossing the great desert, the alkaline plains, I behold enchant
ing mirages of waters and meadows,
Marking through these and after all, in duplicate slender lines,
Bridging the three or four thousand miles of land travel,
Tying the Eastern to the Western sea,
The road between Europe and Asia.

(Ah Genoese thy dream! thy dream!
Centuries after thou art laid in thy grave,
The shore thou foundest verifies thy dream.)




Passage to India!
Struggles of many a captain, tales of many a sailor dead,
Over my mood stealing and spreading they come,
Like clouds and cloudlets in the unreach'd sky.

Along all history, down the slopes,
As a rivulet running, sinking now, and now again to the surface 
rising,
A ceaseless thought, a varied trainlo, soul, to thee, thy sight,
they rise,
The plans, the voyages again, the expeditions;


                                      



Again Vasco de Gama sails forth,
Again the knowledge gain'd, the mariner's compass,
Lands found and nations born, thou born America,
For purpose vast, man's long probation fill'd,
Thou rondure of the world at last accomplish'd.




O vast Rondure, swimming in space,
Cover'd all over with visible power and beauty,
Alternate light and day and the teeming spiritual darkness,
Unspeakable high processions of sun and moon and countless 
stars above,
Below, the manifold grass and waters, animals, mountains, trees,
With inscrutable purpose, some hidden prophetic intention,
Now first it seems my thought begins to span thee.

Down from the gardens of Asia descending radiating,
Adam and Eve appear, then their myriad progeny after them,
Wandering, yearning, curious, with restless explorations,
With questionings, baffled, formless, feverish, with neverhappy 
hearts,
With that sad incessant refrain, Wherefore unsatisfied soul? and 
Whither O mocking life?

Ah who shall soothe these feverish children?
Who justify these restless explorations?
Who speak the secret of impassive earth?
Who bind it to us? what is this separate Nature so unnatural?
What is this earth to our affections? (unloving earth, without a 
throb to answer ours,
Cold earth, the place of graves.)

Yet soul be sure the first intent remains, and shall be carried out,
Perhaps even now the time has arrived.

After the seas are all cross'd, (as they seem already cross'd,)
After the great captains and engineers have accomplish'd their 
work,
After the noble inventors, after the scientists, the chemist, the 
geologist, ethnologist,
Finally shall come the poet worthy that name,
The true son of God shall come singing his songs.

Then not your deeds only O voyagers, O scientists and inventors,
shall be justified,


                                      



All these hearts as of fretted children shall be sooth'd,
All affection shall be fully responded to, the secret shall be told,
All these separations and gaps shall be taken up and hook'd and 
link'd together,
The whole earth, this cold, impassive, voiceless earth, shall be 
completely justified,
Trinitas divine shall be gloriously accomplish'd and compacted by 
the true son of God, the poet,
(He shall indeed pass the straits and conquer the mountains,
He shall double the cape of Good Hope to some purpose,)
Nature and Man shall be disjoin'd and diffused no more,
The true son of God shall absolutely fuse them.




Year at whose wideflung door I sing!
Year of the purpose accomplish'd!
Year of the marriage of continents, climates and oceans!
(No mere doge of Venice now wedding the Adriatic,)
I see O year in you the vast terraqueous globe given and giving 
all,
Europe to Asia, Africa join'd, and they to the New World,
The lands, geographies, dancing before you, holding a festival 
garland,
As brides and bridegrooms hand in hand.

Passage to India!
Cooling airs from Caucasus far, soothing cradle of man,
The river Euphrates flowing, the past lit up again.

Lo soul, the retrospect brought forward,
The old, most populous, wealthiest of earth's lands,
The streams of the Indus and the Ganges and their many af
fluents,
(I my shores of America walking today behold, resuming all,)
The tale of Alexander on his warlike marches suddenly dying,
On one side China and on the other side Persia and Arabia,
To the south the great seas and the bay of Bengal,
The flowing literatures, tremendous epics, religions, castes,
Old occult Brahma interminably far back, the tender and junior 
Buddha,
Central and southern empires and all their belongings, possessors,
The wars of Tamerlane, the reign of Aurungzebe,
The traders, rulers, explorers, Moslems, Venetians, Byzantium, the 
Arabs, Portuguese,


                                      



The first travelers famous yet, Marco Polo, Batouta the Moor,
Doubts to be solv'd, the map incognita, blanks to be fill'd,
The foot of man unstay'd, the hands never at rest,
Thyself O soul that will not brook a challenge.

The mediaeval navigators rise before me,
The world of , with its awaken'd enterprise,
Something swelling in humanity now like the sap of the earth in 
spring,
The sunset splendor of chivalry declining.

And who art thou sad shade?
Gigantic, visionary, thyself a visionary,
With majestic limbs and pious beaming eyes,
Spreading around with every look of thine a golden world,
Enhuing it with gorgeous hues.

As the chief histrion,
Down to the footlights walks in some great scena,
Dominating the rest I see the Admiral himself,
(History's type of courage, action, faith,)
Behold him sail from Palos leading his little fleet,
His voyage behold, his return, his great fame,
His misfortunes, calumniators, behold him a prisoner, chain'd,
Behold his dejection, poverty, death.

(Curious in time I stand, noting the efforts of heroes,
Is the deferment long? bitter the slander, poverty, death?
Lies the seed unreck'd for centuries in the ground? lo, to God's 
due occasion,
Uprising in the night, it sprouts, blooms,
And fills the earth with use and beauty.)




Passage indeed O soul to primal thought,
Not lands and seas alone, thy own clear freshness,
The young maturity of brood and bloom,
To realms of budding bibles.

O soul, repressless, I with thee and thou with me,
Thy circumnavigation of the world begin,
Of man, the voyage of his mind's return,
To reason's early paradise,
Back, back to wisdom's birth, to innocent intuitions,
Again with fair creation.




                                      





O we can wait no longer,
We too take ship O soul,
Joyous we too launch out on trackless seas,
Fearless for unknown shores on waves of ecstasy to sail,
Amid the wafting winds, (thou pressing me to thee, I thee to me,
O soul,)
Caroling free, singing our song of God,
Chanting our chant of pleasant exploration.

With laugh and many a kiss,
(Let others deprecate, let others weep for sin, remorse, humilia
tion,)
O soul thou pleasest me, I thee.

Ah more than any priest O soul we too believe in God,
But with the mystery of God we dare not dally.

O soul thou pleasest me, I thee,
Sailing these seas or on the hills, or waking in the night,
Thoughts, silent thoughts, of Time and Space and Death, like 
waters flowing,
Bear me indeed as through the regions infinite,
Whose air I breathe, whose ripples hear, lave me all over,
Bathe me O God in thee, mounting to thee,
I and my soul to range in range of thee.

O Thou transcendent,
Nameless, the fibre and the breath,
Light of the light, shedding forth universes, thou centre of them,
Thou mightier centre of the true, the good, the loving,
Thou moral, spiritual fountainaffection's sourcethou reser
voir,
(O pensive soul of meO thirst unsatisfiedwaitest not there?
Waitest not haply for us somewhere there the Comrade perfect?)
Thou pulsethou motive of the stars, suns, systems,
That, circling, move in order, safe, harmonious,
Athwart the shapeless vastnesses of space,
How should I think, how breathe a single breath, how speak, if,
out of myself,
I could not launch, to those, superior universes?

Swiftly I shrivel at the thought of God,
At Nature and its wonders, Time and Space and Death,
But that I, turning, call to thee O soul, thou actual Me,


                                      



And lo, thou gently masterest the orbs,
Thou matest Time, smilest content at Death,
And fillest, swellest full the vastnesses of Space.

Greater than stars or suns,
Bounding O soul thou journeyest forth;
What love than thine and ours could wider amplify?
What aspirations, wishes, outvie thine and ours O soul?
What dreams of the ideal? what plans of purity, perfection,
strength?
What cheerful willingness for others' sake to give up all?
For others' sake to suffer all?

Reckoning ahead O soul, when thou, the time achiev'd,
The seas all cross'd, weather'd the capes, the voyage done,
Surrounded, copest, frontest God, yieldest, the aim attain'd,
As fill'd with friendship, love complete, the Elder Brother found,
The Younger melts in fondness in his arms.




Passage to more than India!
Are thy wings plumed indeed for such far flights?
O soul, voyagest thou indeed on voyages like those?
Disportest thou on waters such as those?
Soundest below the Sanscrit and the Vedas?
Then have thy bent unleash'd.

Passage to you, your shores, ye aged fierce enigmas!
Passage to you, to mastership of you, ye strangling problems!
You, strew'd with the wrecks of skeletons, that, living, never 
reach'd you.

Passage to more than India!
O secret of the earth and sky!
Of you O waters of the sea! O winding creeks and rivers!
Of you O woods and fields! of you strong mountains of my land!
Of you O prairies! of you gray rocks!
O morning red! O clouds! O rain and snows!
O day and night, passage to you!

O sun and moon and all you stars! Sirius and Jupiter!
Passage to you!

Passage, immediate passage! the blood burns in my veins!
Away O soul! hoist instantly the anchor!


                                      



Cut the hawsershaul outshake out every sail!
Have we not stood here like trees in the ground long enough?
Have we not grovel'd here long enough, eating and drinking like 
mere brutes?
Have we not darken'd and dazed ourselves with books long enough?

Sail forthsteer for the deep waters only,
Reckless O soul, exploring, I with thee, and thou with me,
For we are bound where mariner has not yet dared to go,
And we will risk the ship, ourselves and all.

O my brave soul!
O farther farther sail!
O daring joy, but safe! are they not all the seas of God?
O farther, farther, farther sail!



PRAYER OF COLUMBUS.

A BATTER'D, wreck'd old man,
Thrown on this savage shore, far, far from home,
Pent by the sea and dark rebellious brows, twelve dreary months,
Sore, stiff with many toils, sicken'd and nigh to death,
I take my way along the island's edge,
Venting a heavy heart.

I am too full of woe!
Haply I may not live another day;
I cannot rest O God, I cannot eat or drink or sleep,
Till I put forth myself, my prayer, once more to Thee,
Breathe, bathe myself once more in Thee, commune with Thee,
Report myself once more to Thee.

Thou knowest my years entire, my life,
My long and crowded life of active work, not adoration merely;
Thou knowest the prayers and vigils of my youth,
Thou knowest my manhood's solemn and visionary meditations,
Thou knowest how before I commenced I devoted all to come to 
Thee,
Thou knowest I have in age ratified all those vows and strictly 
kept them,
Thou knowest I have not once lost nor faith nor ecstasy in Thee,


                                      



In shackles, prison'd, in disgrace, repining not,
Accepting all from Thee, as duly come from Thee.

All my emprises have been fill'd with Thee,
My speculations, plans, begun and carried on in thoughts of Thee,
Sailing the deep or journeying the land for Thee;
Intentions, purports, aspirations mine, leaving results to Thee.

O I am sure they really came from Thee,
The urge, the ardor, the unconquerable will,
The potent, felt, interior command, stronger than words,
A message from the Heavens whispering to me even in sleep,
These sped me on.

By me and these the work so far accomplish'd,
By me earth's elder cloy'd and stifled lands uncloy'd, unloos'd,
By me the hemispheres rounded and tied, the unknown to the known.

The end I know not, it is all in Thee,
Or small or great I know nothaply what broad fields, what lands,
Haply the brutish measureless human undergrowth I know,
Transplanted there may rise to stature, knowledge worthy Thee,
Haply the swords I know may there indeed be turn'd to reaping
tools,
Haply the lifeless cross I know, Europe's dead cross, may bud and 
blossom there.

One effort more, my altar this bleak sand;
That Thou O God my life hast lighted,
With ray of light, steady, ineffable, vouchsafed of Thee,
Light rare untellable, lighting the very light,
Beyond all signs, descriptions, languages;
For that O God, be it my latest word, here on my knees,
Old, poor, and paralyzed, I thank Thee.

My terminus near,
The clouds already closing in upon me,
The voyage balk'd, the course disputed, lost,
I yield my ships to Thee.

My hands, my limbs grow nerveless,
My brain feels rack'd, bewilder'd,
Let the old timbers part, I will not part,
I will cling fast to Thee, O God, though the waves buffet me,
Thee, Thee at least I know.



                                      



Is it the prophet's thought I speak, or am I raving?
What do I know of life? what of myself?
I know not even my own work past or present,
Dim evershifting guesses of it spread before me,
Of newer better worlds, their mighty parturition,
Mocking, perplexing me.

And these things I see suddenly, what mean they?
As if some miracle, some hand divine unseal'd my eyes,
Shadowy vast shapes smile through the air and sky,
And on the distant waves sail countless ships,
And anthems in new tongues I hear saluting me.


THE SLEEPERS.



I WANDER all night in my vision,
Stepping with light feet, swiftly and noiselessly stepping and 
stopping,
Bending with open eyes over the shut eyes of sleepers,
Wandering and confused, lost to myself, illassorted, contradic
tory,
Pausing, gazing, bending, and stopping.

How solemn they look there, stretch'd and still,
How quiet they breathe, the little children in their cradles.

The wretched features of ennuys, the white features of corpses,
the livid faces of drunkards, the sickgray faces of onanists,
The gash'd bodies on battlefields, the insane in their strongdoor'd 
rooms, the sacred idiots, the newborn emerging from 
gates, and the dying emerging from gates,
The night pervades them and infolds them.

The married couple sleep calmly in their bed, he with his palm on 
the hip of the wife, and she with her palm on the hip of 
the husband,
The sisters sleep lovingly side by side in their bed,
The men sleep lovingly side by side in theirs,
And the mother sleeps with her little child carefully wrapt.



                                      



The blind sleep, and the deaf and dumb sleep,
The prisoner sleeps well in the prison, the runaway son sleeps,
The murderer that is to be hung next day, how does he sleep?
And the murder'd person, how does he sleep?

The female that loves unrequited sleeps,
And the male that loves unrequited sleeps,
The head of the moneymaker that plotted all day sleeps,
And the enraged and treacherous dispositions, all, all sleep.

I stand in the dark with drooping eyes by the worstsuffering and 
the most restless,
I pass my hands soothingly to and fro a few inches from them,
The restless sink in their beds, they fitfully sleep.

Now I pierce the darkness, new beings appear,
The earth recedes from me into the night,
I saw that it was beautiful, and I see that what is not the earth is 
beautiful.

I go from bedside to bedside, I sleep close with the other sleepers 
each in turn,
I dream in my dream all the dreams of the other dreamers,
And I become the other dreamers.

I am a danceplay up there! the fit is whirling me fast!

I am the everlaughingit is new moon and twilight,
I see the hiding of douceurs, I see nimble ghosts whichever way 
I look,
Cache and cache again deep in the ground and sea, and where it 
is neither ground nor sea.

Well do they do their jobs those journeymen divine,
Only from me can they hide nothing, and would not if they could,
I reckon I am their boss and they make me a pet besides,
And surround me and lead me and run ahead when I walk,
To lift their cunning covers to signify me with stretch'd arms, and 
resume the way;
Onward we move, a gay gang of blackguards! with mirthshouting 
music and wildflapping pennants of joy!

I am the actor, the actress, the voter, the politician,
The emigrant and the exile, the criminal that stood in the box,
He who has been famous and he who shall be famous after today,
The stammerer, the wellform'd person, the wasted or feeble 
person.



                                      



I am she who adorn'd herself and folded her hair expectantly,
My truant lover has come, and it is dark.

Double yourself and receive me darkness,
Receive me and my lover too, he will not let me go without 
him.

I roll myself upon you as upon a bed, I resign myself to the dusk.

He whom I call answers me and takes the place of my lover,
He rises with me silently from the bed.

Darkness, you are gentler than my lover, his flesh was sweaty and 
panting,
I feel the hot moisture yet that he left me.

My hands are spread forth, I pass them in all directions,
I would sound up the shadowy shore to which you are journeying.

Be careful darkness! already what was it touch'd me?
I thought my lover had gone, else darkness and he are one,
I hear the heartbeat, I follow, I fade away.




I descend my western course, my sinews are flaccid,
Perfume and youth course through me and I am their wake.

It is my face yellow and wrinkled instead of the old woman's,
I sit low in a strawbottom chair and carefully darn my grandson's 
stockings.

It is I too, the sleepless widow looking out on the winter mid
night,
I see the sparkles of starshine on the icy and pallid earth.

A shroud I see and I am the shroud, I wrap a body and lie in the 
coffin,
It is dark here under ground, it is not evil or pain here, it is blank 
here, for reasons.

(It seems to me that every thing in the light and air ought to be 
happy,
Whoever is not in his coffin and the dark grave let him know he 
has enough.)




                                      





I see a beautiful gigantic swimmer swimming naked through the 
eddies of the sea,
His brown hair lies close and even to his head, he strikes out with 
courageous arms, he urges himself with his legs,
I see his white body, I see his undaunted eyes,
I hate the swiftrunning eddies that would dash him headfore
most on the rocks.

What are you doing you ruffianly redtrickled waves?
Will you kill the courageous giant? will you kill him in the prime 
of his middle age?

Steady and long he struggles,
He is baffled, bang'd, bruis'd, he holds out while his strength holds 
out,
The slapping eddies are spotted with his blood, they bear him 
away, they roll him, swing him, turn him,
His beautiful body is borne in the circling eddies, it is continually 
bruis'd on rocks,
Swiftly and out of sight is borne the brave corpse.




I turn but do not extricate myself,
Confused, a pastreading, another, but with darkness yet.

The beach is cut by the razory icewind, the wreckguns sound,
The tempest lulls, the moon comes floundering through the drifts.

I look where the ship helplessly heads end on, I hear the burst as 
she strikes, I hear the howls of dismay, they grow fainter 
and fainter.

I cannot aid with my wringing fingers,
I can but rush to the surf and let it drench me and freeze 
upon me.

I search with the crowd, not one of the company is wash'd to us 
alive,
In the morning I help pick up the dead and lay them in rows in 
a barn.




Now of the older wardays, the defeat at Brooklyn,
Washington stands inside the lines, he stands on the intrench'd 
hills amid a crowd of officers,


                                      



His face is cold and damp, he cannot repress the weeping drops,
He lifts the glass perpetually to his eyes, the color is blanch'd from 
his cheeks,
He sees the slaughter of the southern braves confided to him by 
their parents.

The same at last and at last when peace is declared,
He stands in the room of the old tavern, the wellbelov'd soldiers 
all pass through,
The officers speechless and slow draw near in their turns,
The chief encircles their necks with his arm and kisses them on 
the cheek,
He kisses lightly the wet cheeks one after another, he shakes 
hands and bids goodby to the army.




Now what my mother told me one day as we sat at dinner 
together,
Of when she was a nearly grown girl living home with her parents 
on the old homestead.

A red squaw came one breakfasttime to the old homestead,
On her back she carried a bundle of rushes for rushbottoming 
chairs,
Her hair, straight, shiny, coarse, black, profuse, halfenvelop'd her 
face,
Her step was free and elastic, and her voice sounded exquisitely 
as she spoke.

My mother look'd in delight and amazement at the stranger,
She look'd at the freshness of her tallborne face and full and 
pliant limbs,
The more she look'd upon her she loved her,
Never before had she seen such wonderful beauty and purity,
She made her sit on a bench by the jamb of the fireplace, she 
cook'd food for her,
She had no work to give her, but she gave her remembrance and 
fondness.

The red squaw staid all the forenoon, and toward the middle of 
the afternoon she went away,
O my mother was loth to have her go away,
All the week she thought of her, she watch'd for her many a 
month,
She remember'd her many a winter and many a summer,
But the red squaw never came nor was heard of there again.




                                      





A show of the summer softnessa contact of something unseen 
an amour of the light and air,
I am jealous and overwhelm'd with friendliness,
And will go gallivant with the light and air myself.

O love and summer, you are in the dreams and in me,
Autumn and winter are in the dreams, the farmer goes with his 
thrift,
The droves and crops increase, the barns are wellfill'd.

Elements merge in the night, ships make tacks in the dreams,
The sailor sails, the exile returns home,
The fugitive returns unharm'd, the immigrant is back beyond 
months and years,
The poor Irishman lives in the simple house of his childhood 
with the wellknown neighbors and faces,
They warmly welcome him, he is barefoot again, he forgets he is 
well off,
The Dutchman voyages home, and the Scotchman and Welshman 
voyage home, and the native of the Mediterranean voy
ages home,
To every port of England, France, Spain, enter wellfill'd ships,
The Swiss foots it toward his hills, the Prussian goes his way, the 
Hungarian his way, and the Pole his way,
The Swede returns, and the Dane and Norwegian return.

The homeward bound and the outward bound,
The beautiful lost swimmer, the ennuy, the onanist, the female 
that loves unrequited, the moneymaker,
The actor and actress, those through with their parts and those 
waiting to commence,
The affectionate boy, the husband and wife, the voter, the nominee 
that is chosen and the nominee that has fail'd,
The great already known and the great any time after today,
The stammerer, the sick, the perfectform'd, the homely,
The criminal that stood in the box, the judge that sat and sen
tenced him, the fluent lawyers, the jury, the audience,
The laugher and weeper, the dancer, the midnight widow, the red 
squaw,
The consumptive, the erysipalite, the idiot, he that is wrong'd,
The antipodes, and every one between this and them in the dark,
I swear they are averaged nowone is no better than the other,
The night and sleep have liken'd them and restored them.



                                      



I swear they are all beautiful,
Every one that sleeps is beautiful, every thing in the dim light is 
beautiful,
The wildest and bloodiest is over, and all is peace.

Peace is always beautiful,
The myth of heaven indicates peace and night.

The myth of heaven indicates the soul,
The soul is always beautiful, it appears more or it appears less, it 
comes or it lags behind,
It comes from its embower'd garden and looks pleasantly on 
itself and encloses the world,
Perfect and clean the genitals previously jetting, and perfect and 
clean the womb cohering,
The head wellgrown proportion'd and plumb, and the bowels and 
joints proportion'd and plumb.

The soul is always beautiful,
The universe is duly in order, every thing is in its place,
What has arrived is in its place and what waits shall be in its place,
The twisted skull waits, the watery or rotten blood waits,
The child of the glutton or venerealee waits long, and the child 
of the drunkard waits long, and the drunkard himself waits 
long,
The sleepers that lived and died wait, the far advanced are to go 
on in their turns, and the far behind are to come on in 
their turns,
The diverse shall be no less diverse, but they shall flow and unite 
they unite now.




The sleepers are very beautiful as they lie unclothed,
They flow hand in hand over the whole earth from east to west as 
they lie unclothed,
The Asiatic and African are hand in hand, the European and 
American are hand in hand,
Learn'd and unlearn'd are hand in hand, and male and female are 
hand in hand,
The bare arm of the girl crosses the bare breast of her lover, they 
press close without lust, his lips press her neck,
The father holds his grown or ungrown son in his arms with meas
ureless love, and the son holds the father in his arms with 
measureless love,


                                      



The white hair of the mother shines on the white wrist of the 
daughter,
The breath of the boy goes with the breath of the man, friend is 
inarm'd by friend,
The scholar kisses the teacher and the teacher kisses the scholar,
the wrong'd is made right,
The call of the slave is one with the master's call, and the master 
salutes the slave,
The felon steps forth from the prison, the insane becomes sane,
the suffering of sick persons is reliev'd,
The sweatings and fevers stop, the throat that was unsound is 
sound, the lungs of the consumptive are resumed, the poor 
distress'd head is free,
The joints of the rheumatic move as smoothly as ever, and 
smoother than ever,
Stiflings and passages open, the paralyzed become supple,
The swell'd and convuls'd and congested awake to themselves in 
condition,
They pass the invigoration of the night and the chemistry of the 
night, and awake.

I too pass from the night,
I stay a while away O night, but I return to you again and love you.

Why should I be afraid to trust myself to you?
I am not afraid, I have been well brought forward by you,
I love the rich running day, but I do not desert her in whom I lay 
so long,
I know not how I came of you and I know not where I go with 
you, but I know I came well and shall go well.

I will stop only a time with the night, and rise betimes,
I will duly pass the day O my mother, and duly return to you.



TRANSPOSITIONS.

LET the reformers descend from the stands where they are forever 
bawlinglet an idiot or insane person appear on each of 
the stands;
Let judges and criminals be transposedlet the prisonkeepers be 
put in prisonlet those that were prisoners take the keys;
Let them that distrust birth and death lead the rest.



                                      




TO THINK OF TIME.



TO think of timeof all that retrospection,
To think of today, and the ages continued henceforward.

Have you guess'd you yourself would not continue?
Have you dreaded these earthbeetles?
Have you fear'd the future would be nothing to you?

Is today nothing? is the beginningless past nothing?
If the future is nothing they are just as surely nothing.

To think that the sun rose in the eastthat men and women 
were flexible, real, alivethat every thing was alive,
To think that you and I did not see, feel, think, nor bear our part,
To think that we are now here and bear our part.




Not a day passes, not a minute or second without an accouche
ment,
Not a day passes, not a minute or second without a corpse.

The dull nights go over and the dull days also,
The soreness of lying so much in bed goes over,
The physician after long putting off gives the silent and terrible 
look for an answer,
The children come hurried and weeping, and the brothers and 
sisters are sent for,
Medicines stand unused on the shelf, (the camphorsmell has long 
pervaded the rooms,)
The faithful hand of the living does not desert the hand of the 
dying,
The twitching lips press lightly on the forehead of the dying,
The breath ceases and the pulse of the heart ceases,
The corpse stretches on the bed and the living look upon it,
It is palpable as the living are palpable.

The living look upon the corpse with their eyesight,
But without eyesight lingers a different living and looks curiously 
on the corpse.




To think the thought of death merged in the thought of materials,
To think of all these wonders of city and country, and others taking 
great interest in them, and we taking no interest in them.



                                      



To think how eager we are in building our houses,
To think others shall be just as eager, and we quite indifferent.

(I see one building the house that serves him a few years, or 
seventy or eighty years at most,
I see one building the house that serves him longer than that.)

Slowmoving and black lines creep over the whole earththey 
never ceasethey are the burial lines,
He that was President was buried, and he that is now President 
shall surely be buried.




A reminiscence of the vulgar fate,
A frequent sample of the life and death of workmen,
Each after his kind.

Cold dash of waves at the ferrywharf, posh and ice in the river,
halffrozen mud in the streets,
A gray discouraged sky overhead, the short last daylight of 
December,
A hearse and stages, the funeral of an old Broadway stagedriver,
the cortege mostly drivers.

Steady the trot to the cemetery, duly rattles the deathbell,
The gate is pass'd, the newdug grave is halted at, the living alight,
the hearse uncloses,
The coffin is pass'd out, lower'd and settled, the whip is laid on 
the coffin, the earth is swiftly shovel'd in,
The mound above is flatted with the spadessilence,
A minuteno one moves or speaksit is done,
He is decently put awayis there any thing more?

He was a good fellow, freemouth'd, quicktemper'd, not bad
looking,
Ready with life or death for a friend, fond of women, gambled,
ate hearty, drank hearty,
Had known what it was to be flush, grew lowspirited toward the 
last, sicken'd, was help'd by a contribution,
Died, aged fortyone yearsand that was his funeral.

Thumb extended, finger uplifted, apron, cape, gloves, strap, wet
weather clothes, whip carefully chosen,
Boss, spotter, starter, hostler, somebody loafing on you, you loafing 
on somebody, headway, man before and man behind,
Good day's work, bad day's work, pet stock, mean stock, first out,
last out, turningin at night,


                                      



To think that these are so much and so nigh to other drivers, and 
he there takes no interest in them.




The markets, the government, the workingman's wages, to think 
what account they are through our nights and days,
To think that other workingmen will make just as great account 
of them, yet we make little or no account.

The vulgar and the refined, what you call sin and what you call 
goodness, to think how wide a difference,
To think the difference will still continue to others, yet we lie 
beyond the difference.

To think how much pleasure there is,
Do you enjoy yourself in the city? or engaged in business? or 
planning a nomination and election? or with your wife and 
family?
Or with your mother and sisters? or in womanly housework? or 
the beautiful maternal cares?
These also flow onward to others, you and I flow onward,
But in due time you and I shall take less interest in them.

Your farm, profits, cropsto think how engross'd you are,
To think there will still be farms, profits, crops, yet for you of 
what avail?




What will be will be well, for what is is well,
To take interest is well, and not to take interest shall be well.

The domestic joys, the daily housework or business, the building 
of houses, are not phantasms, they have weight, form,
location,
Farms, profits, crops, markets, wages, government, are none of 
them phantasms,
The difference between sin and goodness is no delusion,
The earth is not an echo, man and his life and all the things of 
his life are wellconsider'd.

You are not thrown to the winds, you gather certainly and safely 
around yourself,
Yourself! yourself! yourself, for ever and ever!




It is not to diffuse you that you were born of your mother and 
father, it is to identify you,


                                      



It is not that you should be undecided, but that you should be 
decided,
Something long preparing and formless is arrived and form'd in you,
You are henceforth secure, whatever comes or goes.

The threads that were spun are gather'd, the weft crosses the warp,
the pattern is systematic.

The preparations have every one been justified,
The orchestra have sufficiently tuned their instruments, the baton 
has given the signal.

The guest that was coming, he waited long, he is now housed,
He is one of those who are beautiful and happy, he is one of those 
that to look upon and be with is enough.

The law of the past cannot be eluded,
The law of the present and future cannot be eluded,
The law of the living cannot be eluded, it is eternal,
The law of promotion and transformation cannot be eluded,
The law of heroes and gooddoers cannot be eluded,
The law of drunkards, informers, mean persons, not one iota 
thereof can be eluded.




Slow moving and black lines go ceaselessly over the earth,
Northerner goes carried and Southerner goes carried, and they on 
the Atlantic side and they on the Pacific,
And they between, and all through the Mississippi country, and 
all over the earth.

The great masters and kosmos are well as they go, the heroes and 
gooddoers are well,
The known leaders and inventors and the rich owners and pious 
and distinguish'd may be well,
But there is more account than that, there is strict account of 
all.

The interminable hordes of the ignorant and wicked are not 
nothing,
The barbarians of Africa and Asia are not nothing,
The perpetual successions of shallow people are not nothing as 
they go.

Of and in all these things,
I have dream'd that we are not to be changed so much, nor the 
law of us changed,


                                      



I have dream'd that heroes and gooddoers shall be under the 
present and past law,
And that murderers, drunkards, liars, shall be under the present 
and past law,
For I have dream'd that the law they are under now is enough.

And I have dream'd that the purpose and essence of the known 
life, the transient,
Is to form and decide identity for the unknown life, the permanent.

If all came but to ashes of dung,
If maggots and rats ended us, then Alarum! for we are betray'd,
Then indeed suspicion of death.

Do you suspect death? if I were to suspect death I should die 
now,
Do you think I could walk pleasantly and wellsuited toward 
annihilation?

Pleasantly and wellsuited I walk,
Whither I walk I cannot define, but I know it is good,
The whole universe indicates that it is good,
The past and the present indicate that it is good.

How beautiful and perfect are the animals!
How perfect the earth, and the minutest thing upon it!
What is called good is perfect, and what is called bad is just as 
perfect,
The vegetables and minerals are all perfect, and the imponderable 
fluids perfect;
Slowly and surely they have pass'd on to this, and slowly and surely 
they yet pass on.




I swear I think now that every thing without exception has an 
eternal soul!
The trees have, rooted in the ground! the weeds of the sea have!
the animals!

I swear I think there is nothing but immortality!
That the exquisite scheme is for it, and the nebulous float is for it,
and the cohering is for it!
And all preparation is for itand identity is for itand life and 
materials are altogether for it!




                                      




WHISPERS OF HEAVENLY DEATH.






DAREST THOU NOW O SOUL.

DAREST thou now O soul,
Walk out with me toward the unknown region,
Where neither ground is for the feet nor any path to follow?

No map there, nor guide,
Nor voice sounding, nor touch of human hand,
Nor face with blooming flesh, nor lips, nor eyes, are in that land.

I know it not O soul,
Nor dost thou, all is a blank before us,
All waits undream'd of in that region, that inaccessible land.

Till when the ties loosen,
All but the ties eternal, Time and Space,
Nor darkness, gravitation, sense, nor any bounds bounding us.

Then we burst forth, we float,
In Time and Space O soul, prepared for them,
Equal, equipt at last, (O joy! O fruit of all!) them to fulfil O 
soul.


WHISPERS OF HEAVENLY DEATH.

WHISPERS of heavenly death murmur'd I hear,
Labial gossip of night, sibilant chorals,
Footsteps gently ascending, mystical breezes wafted soft and low,
Ripples of unseen rivers, tides of a current flowing, forever flowing,
(Or is it the plashing of tears? the measureless waters of human 
tears?)

I see, just see skyward, great cloudmasses,
Mournfully slowly they roll, silently swelling and mixing,
With at times a halfdimm'd sadden'd faroff star,
Appearing and disappearing.

(Some parturition rather, some solemn immortal birth;
On the frontiers to eyes impenetrable,
Some soul is passing over.)



                                      




CHANTING THE SQUARE DEIFIC.



CHANTING the square deific, out of the One advancing, out of the 
sides,
Out of the old and new, out of the square entirely divine,
Solid, foursided, (all the sides needed,) from this side Jehovah 
am I,
Old Brahm I, and I Saturnius am;
Not Time affects meI am Time, old, modern as any,
Unpersuadable, relentless, executing righteous judgments,
As the Earth, the Father, the brown old Kronos, with laws,
Aged beyond computation, yet ever new, ever with those mighty 
laws rolling,
Relentless I forgive no manwhoever sins diesI will have 
that man's life;
Therefore let none expect mercyhave the seasons, gravitation, 
the appointed days, mercy? no more have I,
But as the seasons and gravitation, and as all the appointed days 
that forgive not,
I dispense from this side judgments inexorable without the least 
remorse.




Consolator most mild, the promis'd one advancing,
With gentle hand extended, the mightier God am I,
Foretold by prophets and poets in their most rapt prophecies and 
poems,
From this side, lo! the Lord Christ gazeslo! Hermes Ilo! 
mine is Hercules' face,
All sorrow, labor, suffering, I, tallying it, absorb in myself,
Many times have I been rejected, taunted, put in prison, and 
crucified, and many times shall be again,
All the world have I given up for my dear brothers' and sisters' 
sake, for the soul's sake,
Wending my way through the homes of men, rich or poor, with 
the kiss of affection,
For I am affection, I am the cheerbringing God, with hope and 
allenclosing charity,
With indulgent words as to children, with fresh and sane words, 
mine only,
Young and strong I pass knowing well I am destin'd myself to an 
early death;
But my charity has no deathmy wisdom dies not, neither early 
nor late,
And my sweet love bequeath'd here and elsewhere never dies.




                                      





Aloof, dissatisfied, plotting revolt,
Comrade of criminals, brother of slaves,
Crafty, despised, a drudge, ignorant,
With sudra face and worn brow, black, but in the depths of my 
heart, proud as any,
Lifted now and always against whoever scorning assumes to rule me,
Morose, full of guile, full of reminiscences, brooding, with many 
wiles,
(Though it was thought I was baffled and dispel'd, and my wiles 
done, but that will never be,)
Defiant, I, Satan, still live, still utter words, in new lands duly 
appearing, (and old ones also,)
Permanent here from my side, warlike, equal with any, real as any,
Nor time nor change shall ever change me or my words.




Santa Spirita, breather, life,
Beyond the light, lighter than light,
Beyond the flames of hell, joyous, leaping easily above hell,
Beyond Paradise, perfumed solely with mine own perfume,
Including all life on earth, touching, including God, including 
Saviour and Satan,
Ethereal, pervading all, (for without me what were all? what were 
God?)
Essence of forms, life of the real identities, permanent, positive, 
(namely the unseen,)
Life of the great round world, the sun and stars, and of man, 
I, the general soul,
Here the square finishing, the solid, I the most solid,
Breathe my breath also through these songs.



OF HIM I LOVE DAY AND NIGHT.

OF him I love day and night I dream'd I heard he was dead,
And I dream'd I went where they had buried him I love, but he 
was not in that place,
And I dream'd I wander'd searching among burialplaces to find 
him,
And I found that every place was a burialplace;
The houses full of life were equally full of death, (this house is 
now,)
The streets, the shipping, the places of amusement, the Chicago,
Boston, Philadelphia, the Mannahatta, were as full of the 
dead as of the living,


                                      



And fuller, O vastly fuller of the dead than of the living;
And what I dream'd I will henceforth tell to every person and age,
And I stand henceforth bound to what I dream'd,
And now I am willing to disregard burialplaces and dispense 
with them,
And if the memorials of the dead were put up indifferently every
where, even in the room where I eat or sleep, I should be 
satisfied,
And if the corpse of any one I love, or if my own corpse, be 
duly render'd to powder and pour'd in the sea, I shall be 
satisfied,
Or if it be distributed to the winds I shall be satisfied.


YET, YET, YE DOWNCAST HOURS.

YET, yet, ye downcast hours, I know ye also,
Weights of lead, how ye clog and cling at my ankles,
Earth to a chamber of mourning turnsI hear the o'erweening,
mocking voice,
Matter is conquerormatter, triumphant only, continues onward.

Despairing cries float ceaselessly toward me,
The call of my nearest lover, putting forth, alarm'd, uncertain,
The sea I am quickly to sail, come tell me,
Come tell me where I am speeding, tell me my destination.

I understand your anguish, but I cannot help you,
I approach, hear, behold, the sad mouth, the look out of the eyes,
your mute inquiry,
Whither I go from the bed I recline on, come tell me;
Old age, alarm'd, uncertaina young woman's voice, appealing 
to me for comfort;
A young man's voice, Shall I not escape?


AS IF A PHANTOM CARESS'D ME.

AS if a phantom caress'd me,
I thought I was not alone walking here by the shore;
But the one I thought was with me as now I walk by the shore,
the one I loved that caress'd me,
As I lean and look through the glimmering light, that one has 
utterly disappear'd,
And those appear that are hateful to me and mock me.



                                      




ASSURANCES.

I NEED no assurances, I am a man who is preoccupied of his 
own soul;
I do not doubt that from under the feet and beside the hands and 
face I am cognizant of, are now looking faces I am not 
cognizant of, calm and actual faces,
I do not doubt but the majesty and beauty of the world are latent 
in any iota of the world,
I do not doubt I am limitless, and that the universes are limitless,
in vain I try to think how limitless,
I do not doubt that the orbs and the systems of orbs play their 
swift sports through the air on purpose, and that I shall one 
day be eligible to do as much as they, and more than they,
I do not doubt that temporary affairs keep on and on millions of 
years,
I do not doubt interiors have their interiors, and exteriors have 
their exteriors, and that the eyesight has another eyesight,
and the hearing another hearing, and the voice another 
voice,
I do not doubt that the passionatelywept deaths of young men 
are provided for, and that the deaths of young women and 
the deaths of little children are provided for,
(Did you think Life was so well provided for, and Death, the pur
port of all Life, is not well provided for?)
I do not doubt that wrecks at sea, no matter what the horrors of 
them, no matter whose wife, child, husband, father, lover,
has gone down, are provided for, to the minutest points,
I do not doubt that whatever can possibly happen anywhere at 
any time, is provided for in the inherences of things,
I do not think Life provides for all and for Time and Space, but I 
believe Heavenly Death provides for all.


QUICKSAND YEARS.

QUICKSAND years that whirl me I know not whither,
Your schemes, politics, fail, lines give way, substances mock and 
elude me,
Only the theme I sing, the great and strongpossess'd soul, eludes 
not,
One'sself must never give waythat is the final substance
that out of all is sure,
Out of politics, triumphs, battles, life, what at last finally remains?
When shows break up what but One'sSelf is sure?



                                      




THAT MUSIC ALWAYS ROUND ME.

THAT music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning, yet long 
untaught I did not hear,
But now the chorus I hear and am elated,
A tenor, strong, ascending with power and health, with glad notes 
of daybreak I hear,
A soprano at intervals sailing buoyantly over the tops of immense 
waves,
A transparent base shuddering lusciously under and through the 
universe,
The triumphant tutti, the funeral wailings with sweet flutes and 
violins, all these I fill myself with,
I hear not the volumes of sound merely, I am moved by the 
exquisite meanings,
I listen to the different voices winding in and out, striving, contend
ing with fiery vehemence to excel each other in emotion;
I do not think the performers know themselvesbut now I think 
I begin to know them.


WHAT SHIP PUZZLED AT SEA.

WHAT ship puzzled at sea, cons for the true reckoning?
Or coming in, to avoid the bars and follow the channel a perfect 
pilot needs?
Here, sailor! here, ship! take aboard the most perfect pilot,
Whom, in a little boat, putting off and rowing, I hailing you offer.


A NOISELESS PATIENT SPIDER.

A NOISELESS patient spider,
I mark'd where on a little promontory it stood isolated,
Mark'd how to explore the vacant vast surrounding,
It launch'd forth filament, filament, filament, out of itself,
Ever unreeling them, ever tirelessly speeding them.

And you O my soul where you stand,
Surrounded, detached, in measureless oceans of space,
Ceaselessly musing, venturing, throwing, seeking the spheres to 
connect them,
Till the bridge you will need be form'd, till the ductile anchor 
hold,
Till the gossamer thread you fling catch somewhere, O my soul.



                                      




O LIVING ALWAYS, ALWAYS DYING.

O LIVING always, always dying!
O the burials of me past and present,
O me while I stride ahead, material, visible, imperious as ever;
O me, what I was for years, now dead, (I lament not, I am 
content;)
O to disengage myself from those corpses of me, which I turn 
and look at where I cast them,
To pass on, (O living! always living!) and leave the corpses 
behind.


TO ONE SHORTLY TO DIE.

FROM all the rest I single out you, having a message for you,
You are to dielet others tell you what they please, I cannot 
prevaricate,
I am exact and merciless, but I love youthere is no escape for 
you.

Softly I lay my right hand upon you, you just feel it,
I do not argue, I bend my head close and half envelop it,
I sit quietly by, I remain faithful,
I am more than nurse, more than parent or neighbor,
I absolve you from all except yourself spiritual bodily, that is eter
nal, you yourself will surely escape,
The corpse you will leave will be but excrementitious.

The sun bursts through in unlookedfor directions,
Strong thoughts fill you and confidence, you smile,
You forget you are sick, as I forget you are sick,
You do not see the medicines, you do not mind the weeping 
friends, I am with you,
I exclude others from you, there is nothing to be commiserated,
I do not commiserate, I congratulate you.


NIGHT ON THE PRAIRIES.

NIGHT on the prairies,
The supper is over, the fire on the ground burns low,
The wearied emigrants sleep, wrapt in their blankets;
I walk by myselfI stand and look at the stars, which I think now 
I never realized before.



                                      



Now I absorb immortality and peace,
I admire death and test propositions.

How plenteous! how spiritual! how resum!
The same old man and soulthe same old aspirations, and the 
same content.

I was thinking the day most splendid till I saw what the notday 
exhibited,
I was thinking this globe enough till there sprang out so noiseless 
around me myriads of other globes.

Now while the great thoughts of space and eternity fill me I will 
measure myself by them,
And now touch'd with the lives of other globes arrived as far 
along as those of the earth,
Or waiting to arrive, or pass'd on farther than those of the earth,
I henceforth no more ignore them than I ignore my own life,
Or the lives of the earth arrived as far as mine, or waiting to arrive.

O I see now that life cannot exhibit all to me, as the day cannot,
I see that I am to wait for what will be exhibited by death.


THOUGHT.

AS I sit with others at a great feast, suddenly while the music is 
playing,
To my mind, (whence it comes I know not,) spectral in mist of 
a wreck at sea,
Of certain ships, how they sail from port with flying streamers and 
wafted kisses, and that is the last of them,
Of the solemn and murky mystery about the fate of the President,
Of the flower of the marine science of fifty generations founder'd 
off the Northeast coast and going downof the steamship 
Arctic going down,
Of the veil'd tableauwomen gather'd together on deck, pale,
heroic, waiting the moment that draws so closeO the 
moment!
A huge soba few bubblesthe white foam spirting upand 
then the women gone,
Sinking there while the passionless wet flows onand I now 
pondering, Are those women indeed gone?
Are souls drown'd and destroy'd so?
Is only matter triumphant?



                                      




THE LAST INVOCATION.

AT the last, tenderly,
From the walls of the powerful fortress'd house,
From the clasp of the knitted locks, from the keep of the well
closed doors,
Let me be wafted.

Let me glide noiselessly forth;
With the key of softness unlock the lockswith a whisper,
Set ope the doors O soul.

Tenderlybe not impatient,
(Strong is your hold O mortal flesh,
Strong is your hold O love.)


AS I WATCH'D THE PLOUGHMAN PLOUGHING.

AS I watch'd the ploughman ploughing,
Or the sower sowing in the fields, or the harvester harvesting,
I saw there too, O life and death, your analogies;
(Life, life is the tillage, and Death is the harvest according.)


PENSIVE AND FALTERING.

PENSIVE and faltering,
The words the Dead I write,
For living are the Dead,
(Haply the only living, only real,
And I the apparition, I the spectre.)

THOU MOTHER WITH THY EQUAL BROOD.



THOU Mother with thy equal brood,
Thou varied chain of different States, yet one identity only,
A special song before I go I'd sing o'er all the rest,
For thee, the future.



                                      



I'd sow a seed for thee of endless Nationality,
I'd fashion thy ensemble including body and soul,
I'd show away ahead thy real Union, and how it may be accom
plish'd.

The paths to the house I seek to make,
But leave to those to come the house itself.

Belief I sing, and preparation;
As Life and Nature are not great with reference to the present 
only,
But greater still from what is yet to come,
Out of that formula for thee I sing.




As a strong bird on pinions free,
Joyous, the amplest spaces heavenward cleaving,
Such be the thought I'd think of thee America,
Such be the recitative I'd bring for thee.

The conceits of the poets of other lands I'd bring thee not,
Nor the compliments that have served their turn so long,
Nor rhyme, nor the classics, nor perfume of foreign court or 
indoor library;
But an odor I'd bring as from forests of pine in Maine, or breath 
of an Illinois prairie,
With open airs of Virginia or Georgia or Tennessee, or from Texas 
uplands, or Florida's glades,
Or the Saguenay's black stream, or the wide blue spread of 
Huron,
With presentment of Yellowstone's scenes, or Yosemite,
And murmuring under, pervading all, I'd bring the rustling sea
sound,
That endlessly sounds from the two Great Seas of the world.

And for thy subtler sense subtler refrains dread Mother,
Preludes of intellect tallying these and thee, mindformulas fitted 
for thee, real and sane and large as these and thee,
Thou! mounting higher, diving deeper than we knew, thou 
transcendental Union!
By thee fact to be justified, blended with thought,
Thought of man justified, blended with God,
Through thy idea, lo, the immortal reality!
Through thy reality, lo, the immortal idea!




                                      





Brain of the New World, what a task is thine,
To formulate the Modernout of the peerless grandeur of the 
modern,
Out of thyself, comprising science, to recast poems, churches, art,
(Recast, maybe discard them, end themmaybe their work is 
done, who knows?)
By vision, hand, conception, on the background of the mighty 
past, the dead,
To limn with absolute faith the mighty living present.

And yet thou living present brain, heir of the dead, the Old 
World brain,
Thou that lay folded like an unborn babe within its folds so long,
Thou carefully prepared by it so longhaply thou but unfoldest 
it, only maturest it,
It to eventuate in theethe essence of the bygone time contain'd 
in thee,
Its poems, churches, arts, unwitting to themselves, destined with 
reference to thee;
Thou but the apples, long, long, long agrowing,
The fruit of all the Old ripening today in thee.




Sail, sail thy best, ship of Democracy,
Of value is thy freight, 'tis not the Present only,
The Past is also stored in thee,
Thou holdest not the venture of thyself alone, not of the Western 
continent alone,
Earth's rsum entire floats on thy keel O ship, is steadied by thy 
spars,
With thee Time voyages in trust, the antecedent nations sink or 
swim with thee,
With all their ancient struggles, martyrs, heroes, epics, wars, thou 
bear'st the other continents,
Theirs, theirs as much as thine, the destinationport triumphant;
Steer then with good strong hand and wary eye O helmsman, thou 
carriest great companions,
Venerable priestly Asia sails this day with thee,
And royal feudal Europe sails with thee.




Beautiful world of new superber birth that rises to my eyes,
Like a limitless golden cloud filling the western sky,


                                      



Emblem of general maternity lifted above all,
Sacred shape of the bearer of daughters and sons,
Out of thy teeming womb thy giant babes in ceaseless procession 
issuing,
Acceding from such gestation, taking and giving continual strength 
and life,
World of the realworld of the twain in one,
World of the soul, born by the world of the real alone, led to 
identity, body, by it alone,
Yet in beginning only, incalculable masses of composite precious 
materials,
By history's cycles forwarded, by every nation, language, hither 
sent,
Ready, collected here, a freer, vast, electric world, to be con
structed here,
(The true New World, the world of orbic science, morals, litera
tures to come,)
Thou wonder world yet undefined, unform'd, neither do I define 
thee,
How can I pierce the impenetrable blank of the future?
I feel thy ominous greatness evil as well as good,
I watch thee advancing, absorbing the present, transcending the 
past,
I see thy light lighting, and thy shadow shadowing, as if the 
entire globe,
But I do not undertake to define thee, hardly to comprehend thee,
I but thee name, thee prophesy, as now,
I merely thee ejaculate!

Thee in thy future,
Thee in thy only permanent life, career, thy own unloosen'd mind,
thy soaring spirit,
Thee as another equally needed sun, radiant, ablaze, swiftmoving,
fructifying all,
Thee risen in potent cheerfulness and joy, in endless great 
hilarity,
Scattering for good the cloud that hung so long, that weigh'd so 
long upon the mind of man,
The doubt, suspicion, dread, of gradual, certain decadence of man;
Thee in thy larger, saner brood of female, malethee in thy 
athletes, moral, spiritual, South, North, West, East,
(To thy immortal breasts, Mother of All, thy every daughter, son,
endear'd alike, forever equal,)
Thee in thy own musicians, singers, artists, unborn yet, but cer
tain,


                                      



Thee in thy moral wealth and civilization, (until which thy proud
est material civilization must remain in vain,)
Thee in thy allsupplying, allenclosing worshipthee in no single 
bible, saviour, merely,
Thy saviours countless, latent within thyself, thy bibles incessant 
within thyself, equal to any, divine as any,
(Thy soaring course thee formulating, not in thy two great wars,
nor in thy century's visible growth,
But far more in these leaves and chants, thy chants, great Mother!)
Thee in an education grown of thee, in teachers, studies, students,
born of thee,
Thee in thy democratic ftes enmasse, thy high original festivals,
operas, lecturers, preachers,
Thee in thy ultimata, (the preparations only now completed, the 
edifice on sure foundations tied,)
Thee in thy pinnacles, intellect, thought, thy topmost rational joys,
thy love and godlike aspiration,
In thy resplendent coming literati, thy fulllung'd orators, thy 
sacerdotal bards, kosmic savans,
These! these in thee, (certain to come,) today I prophesy.




Land tolerating all, accepting all, not for the good alone, all good 
for thee,
Land in the realms of God to be a realm unto thyself,
Under the rule of God to be a rule unto thyself.

(Lo, where arise three peerless stars,
To be thy natal stars my country, Ensemble, Evolution, Freedom,
Set in the sky of Law.)

Land of unprecedented faith, God's faith,
Thy soil, thy very subsoil, all upheav'd,
The general inner earth so long so sedulously draped over, now 
hence for what it is boldly laid bare,
Open'd by thee to heaven's light for benefit or bale.

Not for success alone,
Not to fairsail unintermitted always,
The storm shall dash thy face, the murk of war and worse than 
war shall cover thee all over,
(Wert capable of war, its tug and trials? be capable of peace, its 
trials,
For the tug and mortal strain of nations come at last in prosper
ous peace, not war;)


                                      



In many a smiling mask death shall approach beguiling thee, thou 
in disease shalt swelter,
The livid cancer spread its hideous claws, clinging upon thy 
breasts, seeking to strike thee deep within,
Consumption of the worst, moral consumption, shall rouge thy 
face with hectic,
But thou shalt face thy fortunes, thy diseases, and surmount them 
all,
Whatever they are today and whatever through time they may be,
They each and all shall lift and pass away and cease from thee,
While thou, Time's spirals rounding, out of thyself, thyself still 
extricating, fusing,
Equable, natural, mystical Union thou, (the mortal with immortal 
blent,)
Shalt soar toward the fulfilment of the future, the spirit of the 
body and the mind,
The soul, its destinies.

The soul, its destinies, the real real,
(Purport of all these apparitions of the real;)
In thee America, the soul, its destinies,
Thou globe of globes! thou wonder nebulous!
By many a throe of heat and cold convuls'd, (by these thyself 
solidifying,)
Thou mental, moral orbthou New, indeed new, Spiritual World!
The Present holds thee notfor such vast growth as thine,
For such unparallel'd flight as thine, such brood as thine,
The FUTURE only holds thee and can hold thee.



A PAUMANOK PICTURE.

TWO boats with nets lying off the seabeach, quite still,
Ten fishermen waitingthey discover a thick school of moss
bonkersthey drop the join'd seineends in the water,
The boats separate and row off, each on its rounding course to the 
beach, enclosing the mossbonkers,
The net is drawn in by a windlass by those who stop ashore,
Some of the fishermen lounge in their boats, others stand ankle
deep in the water, pois'd on strong legs,
The boats partly drawn up, the water slapping against them,
Strew'd on the sand in heaps and windrows, well out from the 
water, the greenback'd spotted mossbonkers.


                                      




FROM NOON TO STARRY NIGHT.






THOU ORB ALOFT FULLDAZZLING.

THOU orb aloft fulldazzling! thou hot October noon!
Flooding with sheeny light the gray beach sand,
The sibilant near sea with vistas far and foam,
And tawny streaks and shades and spreading blue;
O sun of noon refulgent! my special word to thee.

Hear me illustrious!
Thy lover me, for always I have loved thee,
Even as basking babe, then happy boy alone by some wood edge,
thy touchingdistant beams enough,
Or man matured, or young or old, as now to thee I launch my 
invocation.

(Thou canst not with thy dumbness me deceive,
I know before the fitting man all Nature yields,
Though answering not in words, the skies, trees, hear his voice
and thou O sun,
As for thy throes, thy perturbations, sudden breaks and shafts of 
flame gigantic,
I understand them, I know those flames, those perturbations well.)

Thou that with fructifying heat and light,
O'er myriad farms, o'er lands and waters North and South,
O'er Mississippi's endless course, o'er Texas' grassy plains, Kana
da's woods,
O'er all the globe that turns its face to thee shining in space,
Thou that impartially infoldest all, not only continents, seas,
Thou that to grapes and weeds and little wild flowers givest so 
liberally,
Shed, shed thyself on mine and me, with but a fleeting ray out of 
thy million millions,
Strike through these chants.

Nor only launch thy subtle dazzle and thy strength for these,
Prepare the later afternoon of me myselfprepare my lengthen
ing shadows,
Prepare my starry nights.



                                      




FACES.



SAUNTERING the pavement or riding the country byroad, lo, such 
faces!
Faces of friendship, precision, caution, suavity, ideality,
The spiritualprescient face, the always welcome common benevo
lent face,
The face of the singing of music, the grand faces of natural law
yers and judges broad at the backtop,
The faces of hunters and fishers bulged at the brows, the shaved 
blanch'd faces of orthodox citizens,
The pure, extravagant, yearning, questioning artist's face,
The ugly face of some beautiful soul, the handsome detested or 
despised face,
The sacred faces of infants, the illuminated face of the mother of 
many children,
The face of an amour, the face of veneration,
The face as of a dream, the face of an immobile rock,
The face withdrawn of its good and bad, a castrated face,
A wild hawk, his wings clipp'd by the clipper,
A stallion that yielded at last to the thongs and knife of the gelder.

Sauntering the pavement thus, or crossing the ceaseless ferry, faces 
and faces and faces,
I see them and complain not, and am content with all.




Do you suppose I could be content with all if I thought them 
their own final?

This now is too lamentable a face for a man,
Some abject louse asking leave to be, cringing for it,
Some milknosed maggot blessing what lets it wrig to its hole.

This face is a dog's snout sniffing for garbage,
Snakes nest in that mouth, I hear the sibilant threat.

This face is a haze more chill than the arctic sea,
Its sleepy and wabbling icebergs crunch as they go.

This is a face of bitter herbs, this an emetic, they need no label,
And more of the drugshelf, laudanum, caoutchouc, or hog'slard.



                                      



This face is an epilepsy, its wordless tongue gives out the unearthly 
cry,
Its veins down the neck distend, its eyes roll till they show nothing 
but their whites,
Its teeth grit, the palms of the hands are cut by the turn'din 
nails,
The man falls struggling and foaming to the ground, while he 
speculates well.

This face is bitten by vermin and worms,
And this is some murderer's knife with a halfpull'd scabbard.

This face owes to the sexton his dismalest fee,
An unceasing deathbell tolls there.




Features of my equals would you trick me with your creas'd and 
cadaverous march?
Well, you cannot trick me.

I see your rounded nevererased flow,
I see 'neath the rims of your haggard and mean disguises.

Splay and twist as you like, poke with the tangling fores of fishes 
or rats,
You'll be unmuzzled, you certainly will.

I saw the face of the most smear'd and slobbering idiot they had 
at the asylum,
And I knew for my consolation what they knew not,
I knew of the agents that emptied and broke my brother,
The same wait to clear the rubbish from the fallen tenement,
And I shall look again in a score or two of ages,
And I shall meet the real landlord perfect and unharm'd, every 
inch as good as myself.




The Lord advances, and yet advances,
Always the shadow in front, always the reach'd hand bringing up 
the laggards.

Out of this face emerge banners and horsesO superb! I see 
what is coming,
I see the high pioneercaps, see staves of runners clearing the way,
I hear victorious drums.



                                      



This face is a lifeboat,
This is the face commanding and bearded, it asks no odds of the 
rest,
This face is flavor'd fruit ready for eating,
This face of a healthy honest boy is the programme of all good.

These faces bear testimony slumbering or awake,
They show their descent from the Master himself.

Off the word I have spoken I except not onered, white, black, 
are all deific,
In each house is the ovum, it comes forth after a thousand years.

Spots or cracks at the windows do not disturb me,
Tall and sufficient stand behind and make signs to me,
I read the promise and patiently wait.

This is a fullgrown lily's face,
She speaks to the limberhipp'd man near the garden pickets,
Come here she blushingly cries, Come nigh to me limberhipp'd 
man,
Stand at my side till I lean as high as I can upon you,
Fill me with albescent honey, bend down to me,
Rub to me with your chafing beard, rub to my breast and 
shoulders.




The old face of the mother of many children,
Whist! I am fully content.

Lull'd and late is the smoke of the Firstday morning,
It hangs low over the rows of trees by the fences,
It hangs thin by the sassafras and wildcherry and catbrier under 
them.

I saw the rich ladies in full dress at the soiree,
I heard what the singers were singing so long,
Heard who sprang in crimson youth from the white froth and the 
waterblue.

Behold a woman!
She looks out from her quaker cap, her face is clearer and more 
beautiful than the sky.

She sits in an armchair under the shaded porch of the farmhouse,
The sun just shines on her old white head.



                                      



Her ample gown is of creamhued linen,
Her grandsons raised the flax, and her granddaughters spun it 
with the distaff and the wheel.

The melodious character of the earth,
The finish beyond which philosophy cannot go and does not wish 
to go,
The justified mother of men.



THE MYSTIC TRUMPETER.



HARK, some wild trumpeter, some strange musician,
Hovering unseen in air, vibrates capricious tunes tonight.

I hear thee trumpeter, listening alert I catch thy notes,
Now pouring, whirling like a tempest round me,
Now low, subdued, now in the distance lost.




Come nearer bodiless one, haply in thee resounds
Some dead composer, haply thy pensive life
Was fill'd with aspirations high, unform'd ideals,
Waves, oceans musical, chaotically surging,
That now ecstatic ghost, close to me bending, thy cornet echoing, 
pealing,
Gives out to no one's ears but mine, but freely gives to mine,
That I may thee translate.




Blow trumpeter free and clear, I follow thee,
While at thy liquid prelude, glad, serene,
The fretting world, the streets, the noisy hours of day withdraw,
A holy calm descends like dew upon me,
I walk in cool refreshing night the walks of Paradise,
I scent the grass, the moist air and the roses;
Thy song expands my numb'd imbonded spirit, thou freest, 
launchest me,
Floating and basking upon heaven's lake.




Blow again trumpeter! and for my sensuous eyes,
Bring the old pageants, show the feudal world.



                                      



What charm thy music works! thou makest pass before me,
Ladies and cavaliers long dead, barons are in their castle halls, the 
troubadours are singing,
Arm'd knights go forth to redress wrongs, some in quest of the 
holy Graal;
I see the tournament, I see the contestants incased in heavy 
armor seated on stately champing horses,
I hear the shouts, the sounds of blows and smiting steel;
I see the Crusaders' tumultuous armieshark, how the cymbals 
clang,
Lo, where the monks walk in advance, bearing the cross on high.




Blow again trumpeter! and for thy theme,
Take now the enclosing theme of all, the solvent and the setting,
Love, that is pulse of all, the sustenance and the pang,
The heart of man and woman all for love,
No other theme but loveknitting, enclosing, alldiffusing love.

O how the immortal phantoms crowd around me!
I see the vast alembic ever working, I see and know the flames 
that heat the world,
The glow, the blush, the beating hearts of lovers,
So blissful happy some, and some so silent, dark, and nigh to 
death;
Love, that is all the earth to loverslove, that mocks time and 
space,
Love, that is day and nightlove, that is sun and moon and stars,
Love, that is crimson, sumptuous, sick with perfume,
No other words but words of love, no other thought but love.




Blow again trumpeterconjure war's alarums.

Swift to thy spell a shuddering hum like distant thunder rolls,
Lo, where the arm'd men hastenlo, mid the clouds of dust the 
glint of bayonets,
I see the grimefaced cannoneers, I mark the rosy flash amid the 
smoke, I hear the cracking of the guns;
Nor war alonethy fearful musicsong, wild player, brings every 
sight of fear,
The deeds of ruthless brigands, rapine, murderI hear the cries 
for help!
I see ships foundering at sea, I behold on deck and below deck 
the terrible tableaus.




                                      





O trumpeter, methinks I am myself the instrument thou playest,
Thou melt'st my heart, my brainthou movest, drawest, chan
gest them at will;
And now thy sullen notes send darkness through me,
Thou takest away all cheering light, all hope,
I see the enslaved, the overthrown, the hurt, the opprest of the 
whole earth,
I feel the measureless shame and humiliation of my race, it 
becomes all mine,
Mine too the revenges of humanity, the wrongs of ages, baffled 
feuds and hatreds,
Utter defeat upon me weighsall lostthe foe victorious,
(Yet 'mid the ruins Pride colossal stands unshaken to the last,
Endurance, resolution to the last.)




Now trumpeter for thy close,
Vouchsafe a higher strain than any yet,
Sing to my soul, renew its languishing faith and hope,
Rouse up my slow belief, give me some vision of the future,
Give me for once its prophecy and joy.

O glad, exulting, culminating song!
A vigor more than earth's is in thy notes,
Marches of victoryman disenthral'dthe conqueror at last,
Hymns to the universal God from universal manall joy!
A reborn race appearsa perfect world, all joy!
Women and men in wisdom innocence and healthall joy!
Riotous laughing bacchanals fill'd with joy!
War, sorrow, suffering gonethe rank earth purgednothing 
but joy left!
The ocean fill'd with joythe atmosphere all joy!
Joy! joy! in freedom, worship, love! joy in the ecstasy of life!
Enough to merely be! enough to breathe!
Joy! joy! all over joy!



TO A LOCOMOTIVE IN WINTER.

THEE for my recitative,
Thee in the driving storm even as now, the snow, the winterday 
declining,
Thee in thy panoply, thy measur'd dual throbbing and thy beat 
convulsive,


                                      



Thy black cylindric body, golden brass and silvery steel,
Thy ponderous sidebars, parallel and connecting rods, gyrating,
shuttling at thy sides,
Thy metrical, now swelling pant and roar, now tapering in the 
distance,
Thy great protruding headlight fix'd in front,
Thy long, pale, floating vaporpennants, tinged with delicate 
purple,
The dense and murky clouds outbelching from thy smokestack,
Thy knitted frame, thy springs and valves, the tremulous twinkle 
of thy wheels,
Thy train of cars behind, obedient, merrily following,
Through gale or calm, now swift, now slack, yet steadily careering;
Type of the modernemblem of motion and powerpulse of 
the continent,
For once come serve the Muse and merge in verse, even as here 
I see thee,
With storm and buffeting gusts of wind and falling snow,
By day thy warning ringing bell to sound its notes,
By night thy silent signal lamps to swing.

Fiercethroated beauty!
Roll through my chant with all thy lawless music, thy swinging 
lamps at night,
Thy madlywhistled laughter, echoing, rumbling like an earth
quake, rousing all,
Law of thyself complete, thine own track firmly holding,
(No sweetness debonair of tearful harp or glib piano thine,)
Thy trills of shrieks by rocks and hills return'd,
Launch'd o'er the prairies wide, across the lakes,
To the free skies unpent and glad and strong.


O MAGNETSOUTH.

O MAGNETSOUTH! O glistening perfumed South! my South!
O quick mettle, rich blood, impulse and love! good and evil! O 
all dear to me!
O dear to me my birththingsall moving things and the trees 
where I was bornthe grains, plants, rivers,
Dear to me my own slow sluggish rivers where they flow, distant,
over flats of silvery sands or through swamps,
Dear to me the Roanoke, the Savannah, the Altamahaw, the 
Pedee, the Tombigbee, the Santee, the Coosa and the 
Sabine,


                                      



O pensive, far away wandering, I return with my soul to haunt 
their banks again,
Again in Florida I float on transparent lakes, I float on the Okee
chobee, I cross the hummockland or through pleasant 
openings or dense forests,
I see the parrots in the woods, I see the papawtree and the blos
soming titi;
Again, sailing in my coaster on deck, I coast off Georgia, I coast 
up the Carolinas,
I see where the liveoak is growing, I see where the yellowpine,
the scented baytree, the lemon and orange, the cypress,
the graceful palmetto,
I pass rude seaheadlands and enter Pamlico sound through an 
inlet, and dart my vision inland;
O the cotton plant! the growing fields of rice, sugar, hemp!
The cactus guarded with thorns, the laureltree with large white 
flowers,
The range afar, the richness and barrenness, the old woods 
charged with mistletoe and trailing moss,
The piney odor and the gloom, the awful natural stillness, (here 
in these dense swamps the freebooter carries his gun, and 
the fugitive has his conceal'd hut;)
O the strange fascination of these halfknown halfimpassable 
swamps, infested by reptiles, resounding with the bellow 
of the alligator, the sad noises of the nightowl and the 
wildcat, and the whirr of the rattlesnake,
The mockingbird, the American mimic, singing all the forenoon,
singing through the moonlit night,
The hummingbird, the wild turkey, the raccoon, the opossum;
A Kentucky cornfield, the tall, graceful, longleav'd corn, slender,
flapping, bright green, with tassels, with beautiful ears each 
wellsheath'd in its husk;
O my heart! O tender and fierce pangs, I can stand them not, I 
will depart;
O to be a Virginian where I grew up! O to be a Carolinian!
O longings irrepressible! O I will go back to old Tennessee and 
never wander more.


MANNAHATTA.

I WAS asking for something specific and perfect for my city,
Whereupon lo! upsprang the aboriginal name.

Now I see what there is in a name, a word, liquid, sane, unruly,
musical, selfsufficient,


                                      



I see that the word of my city is that word from of old,
Because I see that word nested in nests of waterbays, superb,
Rich, hemm'd thick all around with sailships and steamships, an 
island sixteen miles long, solidfounded,
Numberless crowded streets, high growths of iron, slender, strong,
light, splendidly uprising toward clear skies,
Tides swift and ample, wellloved by me, toward sundown,
The flowing seacurrents, the little islands, larger adjoining islands,
the heights, the villas,
The countless masts, the white shoresteamers, the lighters, the 
ferryboats, the black seasteamers wellmodel'd,
The downtown streets, the jobbers' houses of business, the houses 
of business of the shipmerchants and moneybrokers, the 
riverstreets,
Immigrants arriving, fifteen or twenty thousand in a week,
The carts hauling goods, the manly race of drivers of horses, the 
brownfaced sailors,
The summer air, the bright sun shining, and the sailing clouds 
aloft,
The winter snows, the sleighbells, the broken ice in the river,
passing along up or down with the floodtide or ebbtide,
The mechanics of the city, the masters, wellform'd, beautiful
faced, looking you straight in the eyes,
Trottoirs throng'd, vehicles, Broadway, the women, the shops and 
shows,
A million peoplemanners free and superbopen voices
hospitalitythe most courageous and friendly young men,
City of hurried and sparkling waters! city of spires and masts!
City nested in bays! my city!


ALL IS TRUTH.

O ME, man of slack faith so long,
Standing aloof, denying portions so long,
Only aware today of compact alldiffused truth,
Discovering today there is no lie or form of lie, and can be none,
but grows as inevitably upon itself as the truth does upon 
itself,
Or as any law of the earth or any natural production of the earth 
does.

(This is curious and may not be realized immediately, but it must 
be realized,
I feel in myself that I represent falsehoods equally with the rest,
And that the universe does.)



                                      



Where has fail'd a perfect return indifferent of lies or the truth?
Is it upon the ground, or in water or fire? or in the spirit of man?
or in the meat and blood?

Meditating among liars and retreating sternly into myself, I see 
that there are really no liars or lies after all,
And that nothing fails its perfect return, and that what are called 
lies are perfect returns,
And that each thing exactly represents itself and what has pre
ceded it,
And that the truth includes all, and is compact just as much as 
space is compact,
And that there is no flaw or vacuum in the amount of the truth
but that all is truth without exception;
And henceforth I will go celebrate any thing I see or am,
And sing and laugh and deny nothing.


A RIDDLE SONG.

THAT which eludes this verse and any verse,
Unheard by sharpest ear, unform'd in clearest eye or cunningest 
mind,
Nor lore nor fame, nor happiness nor wealth,
And yet the pulse of every heart and life throughout the world 
incessantly,
Which you and I and all pursuing ever ever miss,
Open but still a secret, the real of the real, an illusion,
Costless, vouchsafed to each, yet never man the owner,
Which poets vainly seek to put in rhyme, historians in prose,
Which sculptor never chisel'd yet, nor painter painted,
Which vocalist never sung, nor orator nor actor ever utter'd,
Invoking here and now I challenge for my song.

Indifferently, 'mid public, private haunts, in solitude,
Behind the mountain and the wood,
Companion of the city's busiest streets, through the assemblage,
It and its radiations constantly glide.

In looks of fair unconscious babes,
Or strangely in the coffin'd dead,
Or show of breaking dawn or stars by night,
As some dissolving delicate film of dreams,
Hiding yet lingering.

Two little breaths of words comprising it,
Two words, yet all from first to last comprised in it.



                                      



How ardently for it!
How many ships have sail'd and sunk for it!
How many travelers started from their homes and ne'er return'd!
How much of genius boldly staked and lost for it!
What countless stores of beauty, love, ventur'd for it!
How all superbest deeds since Time began are traceable to it
and shall be to the end!
How all heroic martyrdoms to it!
How, justified by it, the horrors, evils, battles of the earth!
How the bright fascinating lambent flames of it, in every age and 
land, have drawn men's eyes,
Rich as a sunset on the Norway coast, the sky, the islands, and the 
cliffs,
Or midnight's silent glowing northern lights unreachable.

Haply God's riddle it, so vague and yet so certain,
The soul for it, and all the visible universe for it,
And heaven at last for it.


EXCELSIOR.

WHO has gone farthest? for I would go farther,
And who has been just? for I would be the most just person of 
the earth,
And who most cautious? for I would be more cautious,
And who has been happiest? O I think it is II think no one 
was ever happier than I,
And who has lavish'd all? for I lavish constantly the best I have,
And who proudest? for I think I have reason to be the proudest 
son alivefor I am the son of the brawny and talltopt 
city,
And who has been bold and true? for I would be the boldest and 
truest being of the universe,
And who benevolent? for I would show more benevolence than 
all the rest,
And who has receiv'd the love of the most friends? for I know 
what it is to receive the passionate love of many friends,
And who possesses a perfect and enamour'd body? for I do not 
believe any one possesses a more perfect or enamour'd 
body than mine,
And who thinks the amplest thoughts? for I would surround those 
thoughts,
And who has made hymns fit for the earth? for I am mad with de
vouring ecstasy to make joyous hymns for the whole earth.



                                      




AH POVERTIES, WINCINGS, AND SULKY RETREATS.

AH poverties, wincings, and sulky retreats,
Ah you foes that in conflict have overcome me,
(For what is my life or any man's life but a conflict with foes, the 
old, the incessant war?)
You degradations, you tussle with passions and appetites,
You smarts from dissatisfied friendships, (ah wounds the sharpest 
of all!)
You toil of painful and choked articulations, you meannesses,
You shallow tonguetalks at tables, (my tongue the shallowest of 
any;)
You broken resolutions, you racking angers, you smother'd ennuis!
Ah think not you finally triumph, my real self has yet to come 
forth,
It shall yet march forth o'ermastering, till all lies beneath me,
It shall yet stand up the soldier of ultimate victory.


THOUGHTS.

OF public opinion,
Of a calm and cool fiat sooner or later, (how impassive! how 
certain and final!)
Of the President with pale face asking secretly to himself, What 
will the people say at last?
Of the frivolous Judgeof the corrupt Congressman, Governor,
Mayorof such as these standing helpless and exposed,
Of the mumbling and screaming priest, (soon, soon deserted,)
Of the lessening year by year of venerableness, and of the dicta 
of officers, statutes, pulpits, schools,
Of the rising forever taller and stronger and broader of the intui
tions of men and women, and of Selfesteem and Per
sonality;
Of the true New Worldof the Democracies resplendent en
masse,
Of the conformity of politics, armies, navies, to them,
Of the shining sun by themof the inherent light, greater than 
the rest,
Of the envelopment of all by them, and the effusion of all from 
them.


MEDIUMS.

THEY shall arise in the States,
They shall report Nature, laws, physiology, and happiness,
They shall illustrate Democracy and the kosmos,


                                      



They shall be alimentive, amative, perceptive,
They shall be complete women and men, their pose brawny and 
supple, their drink water, their blood clean and clear,
They shall fully enjoy materialism and the sight of products, they 
shall enjoy the sight of the beef, lumber, breadstuffs, of 
Chicago the great city,
They shall train themselves to go in public to become orators and 
oratresses,
Strong and sweet shall their tongues be, poems and materials of 
poems shall come from their lives, they shall be makers 
and finders,
Of them and of their works shall emerge divine conveyers, to 
convey gospels,
Characters, events, retrospections, shall be convey'd in gospels,
trees, animals, waters, shall be convey'd,
Death, the future, the invisible faith, shall all be convey'd.


WEAVE IN, MY HARDY LIFE.

WEAVE in, weave in, my hardy life,
Weave yet a soldier strong and full for great campaigns to come,
Weave in red blood, weave sinews in like ropes, the senses, sight 
weave in,
Weave lasting sure, weave day and night the weft, the warp,
incessant weave, tire not,
(We know not what the use O life, nor know the aim, the end,
nor really aught we know,
But know the work, the need goes on and shall go on, the death
envelop'd march of peace as well as war goes on,)
For great campaigns of peace the same the wiry threads to weave,
We know not why or what, yet weave, forever weave.


SPAIN, 

OUT of the murk of heaviest clouds,
Out of the feudal wrecks and heap'dup skeletons of kings,
Out of that old entire European debris, the shatter'd mummeries,
Ruin'd cathedrals, crumble of palaces, tombs of priests,
Lo, Freedom's features fresh undimm'd look forththe same 
immortal face looks forth;
(A glimpse as of thy Mother's face Columbia,
A flash significant as of a sword,
Beaming towards thee.)



                                      



Nor think we forget thee maternal;
Lag'd'st thou so long? shall the clouds close again upon thee?
Ah, but thou hast thyself now appear'd to uswe know thee,
Thou hast given us a sure proof, the glimpse of thyself,
Thou waitest there as everywhere thy time.


BY BROAD POTOMAC'S SHORE.

BY broad Potomac's shore, again old tongue,
(Still uttering, still ejaculating, canst never cease this babble?)
Again old heart so gay, again to you, your sense, the full flush 
spring returning,
Again the freshness and the odors, again Virginia's summer sky,
pellucid blue and silver,
Again the forenoon purple of the hills,
Again the deathless grass, so noiseless soft and green,
Again the bloodred roses blooming.

Perfume this book of mine O bloodred roses!
Lave subtly with your waters every line Potomac!
Give me of you O spring, before I close, to put between its 
pages!
O forenoon purple of the hills, before I close, of you!
O deathless grass, of you!


FROM FAR DAKOTA'S CAONS.
June , .

FROM far Dakota's caons,
Lands of the wild ravine, the dusky Sioux, the lonesome stretch,
the silence,
Haply today a mournful wail, haply a trumpetnote for heroes.

The battlebulletin,
The Indian ambuscade, the craft, the fatal environment,
The cavalry companies fighting to the last in sternest heroism,
In the midst of their little circle, with their slaughter'd horses for 
breastworks,
The fall of Custer and all his officers and men.

Continues yet the old, old legend of our race,
The loftiest of life upheld by death,
The ancient banner perfectly maintain'd,
O lesson opportune, O how I welcome thee!



                                      



As sitting in dark days,
Lone, sulky, through the time's thick murk looking in vain for light,
for hope,
From unsuspected parts a fierce and momentary proof,
(The sun there at the centre though conceal'd,
Electric life forever at the centre,)
Breaks forth a lightning flash.

Thou of the tawny flowing hair in battle,
I erewhile saw, with erect head, pressing ever in front, bearing a 
bright sword in thy hand,
Now ending well in death the splendid fever of thy deeds,
(I bring no dirge for it or thee, I bring a glad triumphal sonnet,)
Desperate and glorious, aye in defeat most desperate, most glorious,
After thy many battles in which never yielding up a gun or a color,
Leaving behind thee a memory sweet to soldiers,
Thou yieldest up thyself.


OLD WARDREAMS.

IN midnight sleep of many a face of anguish,
Of the look at first of the mortally wounded, (of that indescribable 
look,)
Of the dead on their backs with arms extended wide,
I dream, I dream, I dream.

Of scenes of Nature, fields and mountains,
Of skies so beauteous after a storm, and at night the moon so 
unearthly bright,
Shining sweetly, shining down, where we dig the trenches and 
gather the heaps,
I dream, I dream, I dream.

Long have they pass'd, faces and trenches and fields,
Where through the carnage I moved with a callous composure,
or away from the fallen,
Onward I sped at the timebut now of their forms at night,
I dream, I dream, I dream.


THICKSPRINKLED BUNTING.

THICKSPRINKLED bunting! flag of stars!
Long yet your road, fateful flaglong yet your road, and lined 
with bloody death,



                                      



For the prize I see at issue at last is the world,
All its ships and shores I see interwoven with your threads greedy 
banner;
Dream'd again the flags of kings, highest borne, to flaunt unrival'd?
O hasten flag of manO with sure and steady step, passing 
highest flags of kings,
Walk supreme to the heavens mighty symbolrun up above 
them all,
Flag of stars! thicksprinkled bunting!


WHAT BEST I SEE IN THEE.
To U. S. G. return'd from his World's Tour.

WHAT best I see in thee,
Is not that where thou mov'st down history's great highways,
Ever undimm'd by time shoots warlike victory's dazzle,
Or that thou sat'st where Washington sat, ruling the land in peace,
Or thou the man whom feudal Europe feted, venerable Asia 
swarm'd upon,
Who walk'd with kings with even pace the round world's prome
nade;
But that in foreign lands, in all thy walks with kings,
Those prairie sovereigns of the West, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois,
Ohio's, Indiana's millions, comrades, farmers, soldiers, all to the 
front,
Invisibly with thee walking with kings with even pace the round 
world's promenade,
Were all so justified.


SPIRIT THAT FORM'D THIS SCENE.
Written in Platte Caon, Colorado.

SPIRIT that form'd this scene,
These tumbled rockpiles grim and red,
These reckless heavenambitious peaks,
These gorges, turbulentclear streams, this naked freshness,
These formless wild arrays, for reasons of their own,
I know thee, savage spiritwe have communed together,
Mine too such wild arrays, for reasons of their own;
Was't charged against my chants they had forgotten art?
To fuse within themselves its rules precise and delicatesse?
The lyrist's measur'd beat, the wroughtout temple's grace
column and polish'd arch forgot?
But thou that revelest herespirit that form'd this scene,
They have remember'd thee.



                                      




AS I WALK THESE BROAD MAJESTIC DAYS.

AS I walk these broad majestic days of peace,
(For the war, the struggle of blood finish'd, wherein, O terrific 
Ideal,
Against vast odds erewhile having gloriously won,
Now thou stridest on, yet perhaps in time toward denser wars,
Perhaps to engage in time in still more dreadful contests, dangers,
Longer campaigns and crises, labors beyond all others,)
Around me I hear that eclat of the world, politics, produce,
The announcements of recognized things, science,
The approved growth of cities and the spread of inventions.

I see the ships, (they will last a few years,)
The vast factories with their foremen and workmen,
And hear the indorsement of all, and do not object to it.

But I too announce solid things,
Science, ships, politics, cities, factories, are not nothing,
Like a grand procession to music of distant bugles pouring,
triumphantly moving, and grander heaving in sight,
They stand for realitiesall is as it should be.

Then my realities;
What else is so real as mine?
Libertad and the divine average, freedom to every slave on the 
face of the earth,
The rapt promises and lumin of seers, the spiritual world, these 
centurieslasting songs,
And our visions, the visions of poets, the most solid announce
ments of any.


A CLEAR MIDNIGHT.

THIS is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless,
Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done,
Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes 
thou lovest best,
Night, sleep, death and the stars.


                                      




SONGS OF PARTING.






AS THE TIME DRAWS NIGH.

AS the time draws nigh glooming a cloud,
A dread beyond of I know not what darkens me.

I shall go forth,
I shall traverse the States awhile, but I cannot tell whither or how 
long,
Perhaps soon some day or night while I am singing my voice will 
suddenly cease.

O book, O chants! must all then amount to but this?
Must we barely arrive at this beginning of us?and yet it is 
enough, O soul;
O soul, we have positively appear'dthat is enough.


YEARS OF THE MODERN.

YEARS of the modern! years of the unperform'd!
Your horizon rises, I see it parting away for more august dramas,
I see not America only, not only Liberty's nation but other nations 
preparing,
I see tremendous entrances and exits, new combinations, the soli
darity of races,
I see that force advancing with irresistible power on the world's 
stage,
(Have the old forces, the old wars, played their parts? are the 
acts suitable to them closed?)
I see Freedom, completely arm'd and victorious and very haughty,
with Law on one side and Peace on the other,
A stupendous trio all issuing forth against the idea of caste;
What historic denouements are these we so rapidly approach?
I see men marching and countermarching by swift millions,
I see the frontiers and boundaries of the old aristocracies broken,
I see the landmarks of European kings removed,
I see this day the People beginning their landmarks, (all others 
give way;)
Never were such sharp questions ask'd as this day,
Never was average man, his soul, more energetic, more like a God,


                                      



Lo, how he urges and urges, leaving the masses no rest!
His daring foot is on land and sea everywhere, he colonizes the 
Pacific, the archipelagoes,
With the steamship, the electric telegraph, the newspaper, the 
wholesale engines of war,
With these and the worldspreading factories he interlinks all 
geography, all lands;
What whispers are these O lands, running ahead of you, passing 
under the seas?
Are all nations communing? is there going to be but one heart to 
the globe?
Is humanity forming enmasse? for lo, tyrants tremble, crowns 
grow dim,
The earth, restive, confronts a new era, perhaps a general divine war,
No one knows what will happen next, such portents fill the days 
and nights;
Years prophetical! the space ahead as I walk, as I vainly try to 
pierce it, is full of phantoms,
Unborn deeds, things soon to be, project their shapes around me,
This incredible rush and heat, this strange ecstatic fever of dreams 
O years!
Your dreams O years, how they penetrate through me! (I know 
not whether I sleep or wake;)
The perform'd America and Europe grow dim, retiring in shadow 
behind me,
The unperform'd, more gigantic than ever, advance, advance upon 
me.


ASHES OF SOLDIERS.

ASHES of soldiers South or North,
As I muse retrospective murmuring a chant in thought,
The war resumes, again to my sense your shapes,
And again the advance of the armies.

Noiseless as mists and vapors,
From their graves in the trenches ascending,
From cemeteries all through Virginia and Tennessee,
From every point of the compass out of the countless graves,
In wafted clouds, in myriads large, or squads of twos or threes or 
single ones they come,
And silently gather round me.

Now sound no note O trumpeters,
Not at the head of my cavalry parading on spirited horses,


                                      



With sabres drawn and glistening, and carbines by their thighs, (ah 
my brave horsemen!
My handsome tanfaced horsemen! what life, what joy and pride,
With all the perils were yours.)

Nor you drummers, neither at reveill at dawn,
Nor the long roll alarming the camp, nor even the muffled beat 
for a burial,
Nothing from you this time O drummers bearing my warlike drums.

But aside from these and the marts of wealth and the crowded 
promenade,
Admitting around me comrades close unseen by the rest and 
voiceless,
The slain elate and alive again, the dust and debris alive,
I chant this chant of my silent soul in the name of all dead 
soldiers.

Faces so pale with wondrous eyes, very dear, gather closer yet,
Draw close, but speak not.

Phantoms of countless lost,
Invisible to the rest henceforth become my companions,
Follow me everdesert me not while I live.

Sweet are the blooming cheeks of the livingsweet are the musi
cal voices sounding,
But sweet, ah sweet, are the dead with their silent eyes.

Dearest comrades, all is over and long gone,
But love is not overand what love, O comrades!
Perfume from battlefields rising, up from the foetor arising.

Perfume therefore my chant, O love, immortal love,
Give me to bathe the memories of all dead soldiers,
Shroud them, embalm them, cover them all over with tender pride.

Perfume allmake all wholesome,
Make these ashes to nourish and blossom,
O love, solve all, fructify all with the last chemistry.

Give me exhaustless, make me a fountain,
That I exhale love from me wherever I go like a moist perennial 
dew,
For the ashes of all dead soldiers South or North.



                                      




THOUGHTS.



OF these years I sing,
How they pass and have pass'd through convuls'd pains, as through 
parturitions,
How America illustrates birth, muscular youth, the promise, the 
sure fulfilment, the absolute success, despite of people 
illustrates evil as well as good,
The vehement struggle so fierce for unity in one'sself;
How many hold despairingly yet to the models departed, caste, 
myths, obedience, compulsion, and to infidelity,
How few see the arrived models, the athletes, the Western States, 
or see freedom or spirituality, or hold any faith in results,
(But I see the athletes, and I see the results of the war glorious 
and inevitable, and they again leading to other results.)

How the great cities appearhow the Democratic masses, turbu
lent, wilful, as I love them,
How the whirl, the contest, the wrestle of evil with good, the 
sounding and resounding, keep on and on,
How society waits unform'd, and is for a while between things 
ended and things begun,
How America is the continent of glories, and of the triumph of 
freedom and of the Democracies, and of the fruits of so
ciety, and of all that is begun,
And how the States are complete in themselvesand how all 
triumphs and glories are complete in themselves, to lead 
onward,
And how these of mine and of the States will in their turn be con
vuls'd, and serve other parturitions and transitions,
And how all people, sights, combinations, the democratic masses 
too, serveand how every fact, and war itself, with all its 
horrors, serves,
And how now or at any time each serves the exquisite transition 
of death.




Of seeds dropping into the ground, of births,
Of the steady concentration of America, inland, upward, to im
pregnable and swarming places,
Of what Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas, and the rest, are to be,
Of what a few years will show there in Nebraska, Colorado, 
Nevada, and the rest,
(Or afar, mounting the Northern Pacific to Sitka or Aliaska,)


                                      



Of what the feuillage of America is the preparation forand of 
what all sights, North, South, East and West, are,
Of this Union welded in blood, of the solemn price paid, of the 
unnamed lost ever present in my mind;
Of the temporary use of materials for identity's sake,
Of the present, passing, departingof the growth of completer 
men than any yet,
Of all sloping down there where the fresh free giver the mother, 
the Mississippi flows,
Of mighty inland cities yet unsurvey'd and unsuspected,
Of the new and good names, of the modern developments, of 
inalienable homesteads,
Of a free and original life there, of simple diet and clean and 
sweet blood,
Of litheness, majestic faces, clear eyes, and perfect physique there,
Of immense spiritual results future years far West, each side of the 
Anahuacs,
Of these songs, well understood there, (being made for that area,)
Of the native scorn of grossness and gain there,
(O it lurks in me night and daywhat is gain after all to savage
ness and freedom?)



SONG AT SUNSET.

SPLENDOR of ended day floating and filling me,
Hour prophetic, hour resuming the past,
Inflating my throat, you divine average,
You earth and life till the last ray gleams I sing.

Open mouth of my soul uttering gladness,
Eyes of my soul seeing perfection,
Natural life of me faithfully praising things,
Corroborating forever the triumph of things.

Illustrious every one!
Illustrious what we name space, sphere of unnumber'd spirits,
Illustrious the mystery of motion in all beings, even the tiniest 
insect,
Illustrious the attribute of speech, the senses, the body,
Illustrious the passing lightillustrious the pale reflection on the 
new moon in the western sky,
Illustrious whatever I see or hear or touch, to the last.

Good in all,
In the satisfaction and aplomb of animals,


                                      



In the annual return of the seasons,
In the hilarity of youth,
In the strength and flush of manhood,
In the grandeur and exquisiteness of old age,
In the superb vistas of death.

Wonderful to depart!
Wonderful to be here!
The heart, to jet the allalike and innocent blood!
To breathe the air, how delicious!
To speakto walkto seize something by the hand!
To prepare for sleep, for bed, to look on my rosecolor'd flesh!
To be conscious of my body, so satisfied, so large!
To be this incredible God I am!
To have gone forth among other Gods, these men and women I 
love.

Wonderful how I celebrate you and myself!
How my thoughts play subtly at the spectacles around!
How the clouds pass silently overhead!
How the earth darts on and on! and how the sun, moon, stars,
dart on and on!
How the water sports and sings! (surely it is alive!)
How the trees rise and stand up, with strong trunks, with branches 
and leaves!
(Surely there is something more in each of the trees, some living 
soul.)

O amazement of thingseven the least particle!
O spirituality of things!
O strain musical flowing through ages and continents, now reaching 
me and America!
I take your strong chords, intersperse them, and cheerfully pass 
them forward.

I too carol the sun, usher'd or at noon, or as now, setting,
I too throb to the brain and beauty of the earth and of all the 
growths of the earth,
I too have felt the resistless call of myself.

As I steam'd down the Mississippi,
As I wander'd over the prairies,
As I have lived, as I have look'd through my windows my eyes,
As I went forth in the morning, as I beheld the light breaking in 
the east,


                                      



As I bathed on the beach of the Eastern Sea, and again on the 
beach of the Western Sea,
As I roam'd the streets of inland Chicago, whatever streets I have 
roam'd,
Or cities or silent woods, or even amid the sights of war,
Wherever I have been I have charged myself with contentment 
and triumph.

I sing to the last the equalities modern or old,
I sing the endless finals of things,
I say Nature continues, glory continues,
I praise with electric voice,
For I do not see one imperfection in the universe,
And I do not see one cause or result lamentable at last in the 
universe.

O setting sun! though the time has come,
I still warble under you, if none else does, unmitigated adoration.


AS AT THY PORTALS ALSO DEATH.

AS at thy portals also death,
Entering thy sovereign, dim, illimitable grounds,
To memories of my mother, to the divine blending, maternity,
To her, buried and gone, yet buried not, gone not from me,
(I see again the calm benignant face fresh and beautiful still,
I sit by the form in the coffin,
I kiss and kiss convulsively again the sweet old lips, the cheeks,
the closed eyes in the coffin;)
To her, the ideal woman, practical, spiritual, of all of earth, life,
love, to me the best,
I grave a monumental line, before I go, amid these songs,
And set a tombstone here.


MY LEGACY.

THE business man the acquirer vast,
After assiduous years surveying results, preparing for departure,
Devises houses and lands to his children, bequeaths stocks, goods,
funds for a school or hospital,
Leaves money to certain companions to buy tokens, souvenirs of 
gems and gold.

But I, my life surveying, closing,


                                      



With nothing to show to devise from its idle years,
Nor houses nor lands, nor tokens of gems or gold for my friends,
Yet certain remembrances of the war for you, and after you,
And little souvenirs of camps and soldiers, with my love,
I bind together and bequeath in this bundle of songs.


PENSIVE ON HER DEAD GAZING.

PENSIVE on her dead gazing I heard the Mother of All,
Desperate on the torn bodies, on the forms covering the battle
fields gazing,
(As the last gun ceased, but the scent of the powdersmoke 
linger'd,)
As she call'd to her earth with mournful voice while she stalk'd,
Absorb them well O my earth, she cried, I charge you lose not 
my sons, lose not an atom,
And you streams absorb them well, taking their dear blood,
And you local spots, and you airs that swim above lightly 
impalpable,
And all you essences of soil and growth, and you my rivers' depths,
And you mountain sides, and the woods where my dear children's 
blood trickling redden'd,
And you trees down in your roots to bequeath to all future trees,
My dead absorb or South or Northmy young men's bodies 
absorb, and their precious precious blood,
Which holding in trust for me faithfully back again give me many 
a year hence,
In unseen essence and odor of surface and grass, centuries hence,
In blowing airs from the fields back again give me my darlings,
give my immortal heroes,
Exhale me them centuries hence, breathe me their breath, let not 
an atom be lost,
O years and graves! O air and soil! O my dead, an aroma sweet!
Exhale them perennial sweet death, years, centuries hence.


CAMPS OF GREEN.

NOT alone those camps of white, old comrades of the wars,
When as order'd forward, after a long march,
Footsore and weary, soon as the light lessens we halt for the night,
Some of us so fatigued carrying the gun and knapsack, dropping 
asleep in our tracks,
Others pitching the little tents, and the fires lit up begin to 
sparkle,


                                      



Outposts of pickets posted surrounding alert through the dark,
And a word provided for countersign, careful for safety,
Till to the call of the drummers at daybreak loudly beating the 
drums,
We rise up refresh'd, the night and sleep pass'd over, and resume 
our journey,
Or proceed to battle.

Lo, the camps of the tents of green,
Which the days of peace keep filling, and the days of war keep 
filling,
With a mystic army, (is it too order'd forward? is it too only halt 
ing awhile,
Till night and sleep pass over?)

Now in those camps of green, in their tents dotting the world,
In the parents, children, husbands, wives, in them, in the old and 
young,
Sleeping under the sunlight, sleeping under the moonlight, content 
and silent there at last,
Behold the mighty bivouacfield and waitingcamp of all,
Of the corps and generals all, and the President over the corps 
and generals all,
And of each of us O soldiers, and of each and all in the ranks we 
fought,
(There without hatred we all, all meet.)

For presently O soldiers, we too camp in our place in the bivouac
camps of green,
But we need not provide for outposts, nor word for the counter
sign,
Nor drummer to beat the morning drum.


THE SOBBING OF THE BELLS.
(Midnight, Sept. , .)

THE sobbing of the bells, the sudden deathnews everywhere,
The slumberers rouse, the rapport of the People,
(Full well they know that message in the darkness,
Full well return, respond within their breasts, their brains, the sad 
reverberations,)
The passionate toll and clangcity to city, joining, sounding,
passing,
Those heartbeats of a Nation in the night.



                                      




AS THEY DRAW TO A CLOSE.

AS they draw to a close,
Of what underlies the precedent songsof my aims in them,
Of the seed I have sought to plant in them,
Of joy, sweet joy, through many a year, in them,
(For them, for them have I lived, in them my work is done,)
Of many an aspiration fond, of many a dream and plan;
Through Space and Time fused in a chant, and the flowing eternal 
identity,
To Nature encompassing these, encompassing Godto the joy
ous, electric all,
To the sense of Death, and accepting exulting in Death in its 
turn the same as life,
The entrance of man to sing;
To compact you, ye parted, diverse lives,
To put rapport the mountains and rocks and streams,
And the winds of the north, and the forests of oak and pine,
With you O soul.


JOY, SHIPMATE, JOY!

JOY, shipmate, joy!
(Pleas'd to my soul at death I cry,)
Our life is closed, our life begins,
The long, long anchorage we leave,
The ship is clear at last, she leaps!
She swiftly courses from the shore,
Joy, shipmate, joy.


THE UNTOLD WANT.

THE untold want by life and land ne'er granted,
Now voyager sail thou forth to seek and find.


PORTALS.

WHAT are those of the known but to ascend and enter the 
Unknown?
And what are those of life but for Death?


THESE CAROLS.

THESE carols sung to cheer my passage through the world I see,
For completion I dedicate to the Invisible World.



                                      




NOW FINAL TO THE SHORE.

NOW final to the shore,
Now land and life final and farewell,
Now Voyager depart, (much, much for thee is yet in store,)
Often enough hast thou adventur'd o'er the seas,
Cautiously cruising, studying the charts,
Duly again to port and hawser's tie returning;
But now obey thy cherish'd secret wish,
Embrace thy friends, leave all in order,
To port and hawser's tie no more returning,
Depart upon thy endless cruise old Sailor.


SO LONG!

TO conclude, I announce what comes after me.

I remember I said before my leaves sprang at all,
I would raise my voice jocund and strong with reference to con
summations.

When America does what was promis'd,
When through these States walk a hundred millions of superb 
persons,
When the rest part away for superb persons and contribute to them,
When breeds of the most perfect mothers denote America,
Then to me and mine our due fruition.

I have press'd through in my own right,
I have sung the body and the soul, war and peace have I sung,
and the songs of life and death,
And the songs of birth, and shown that there are many births.

I have offer'd my style to every one, I have journey'd with confi
dent step;
While my pleasure is yet at the full I whisper So long!
And take the young woman's hand and the young man's hand for 
the last time.

I announce natural persons to arise,
I announce justice triumphant,
I announce uncompromising liberty and equality,
I announce the justification of candor and the justification of 
pride.



                                      



I announce that the identity of these States is a single identity 
only,
I announce the Union more and more compact, indissoluble,
I announce splendors and majesties to make all the previous poli
tics of the earth insignificant.

I announce adhesiveness, I say it shall be limitless, unloosen'd,
I say you shall yet find the friend you were looking for.

I announce a man or woman coming, perhaps you are the one,
(So long!)
I announce the great individual, fluid as Nature, chaste, affection
ate, compassionate, fully arm'd.

I announce a life that shall be copious, vehement, spiritual, bold,
I announce an end that shall lightly and joyfully meet its transla
tion.

I announce myriads of youths, beautiful, gigantic, sweetblooded,
I announce a race of splendid and savage old men.

O thicker and faster(So long!)
O crowding too close upon me,
I foresee too much, it means more than I thought,
It appears to me I am dying.

Hasten throat and sound your last,
Salute mesalute the days once more. Peal the old cry once 
more.

Screaming electric, the atmosphere using,
At random glancing, each as I notice absorbing,
Swiftly on, but a little while alighting,
Curious envelop'd messages delivering,
Sparkles hot, seed ethereal down in the dirt dropping,
Myself unknowing, my commission obeying, to question it never 
daring,
To ages and ages yet the growth of the seed leaving,
To troops out of the war arising, they the tasks I have set promul
ging,
To women certain whispers of myself bequeathing, their affection 
me more clearly explaining,
To young men my problems offeringno dallier II the mus 
cle of their brains trying,
So I pass, a little time vocal, visible, contrary,


                                      



Afterward a melodious echo, passionately bent for, (death making 
me really undying,)
The best of me then when no longer visible, for toward that I have 
been incessantly preparing.

What is there more, that I lag and pause and crouch extended 
with unshut mouth?
Is there a single final farewell?

My songs cease, I abandon them,
From behind the screen where I hid I advance personally solely 
to you.

Camerado, this is no book,
Who touches this touches a man,
(Is it night? are we here together alone?)
It is I you hold and who holds you,
I spring from the pages into your armsdecease calls me forth.

O how your fingers drowse me,
Your breath falls around me like dew, your pulse lulls the tympans 
of my ears,
I feel immerged from head to foot,
Delicious, enough.

Enough O deed impromptu and secret,
Enough O gliding presentenough O summ'dup past.

Dear friend whoever you are take this kiss,
I give it especially to you, do not forget me,
I feel like one who has done work for the day to retire awhile,
I receive now again of my many translations, from my avataras as
cending, while others doubtless await me,
An unknown sphere more real than I dream'd, more direct, darts 
awakening rays about me, So long!
Remember my words, I may again return,
I love you, I depart from materials,
I am as one disembodied, triumphant, dead.


                                      


SANDS AT SEVENTY

MANNAHATTA.

My city's fit and noble name resumed,
Choice aboriginal name, with marvellous beauty, meaning,
A rocky founded islandshores where ever gayly dash the coming, 
going, hurrying sea waves.


PAUMANOK.

Seabeauty! stretch'd and basking!
One side thy inland ocean laving, broad, with copious commerce, 
steamers, sails,
And one the Atlantic's wind caressing, fierce or gentlemighty 
hulls darkgliding in the distance.
Isle of sweet brooks of drinkingwaterhealthy air and soil!
Isle of the salty shore and breeze and brine!


FROM MONTAUK POINT.

I stand as on some mighty eagle's beak,
Eastward the sea absorbing, viewing, (nothing but sea and sky,)
The tossing waves, the foam, the ships in the distance,
The wild unrest, the snowy, curling capsthat inbound urge 
and urge of waves,
Seeking the shores forever.


TO THOSE WHO'VE FAIL'D.

To those who've fail'd, in aspiration vast,
To unnam'd soldiers fallen in front on the lead,
To calm, devoted engineersto overardent travelersto pilots 
on their ships,
To many a lofty song and picture without recognitionI'd rear 
a laurelcover'd monument,
High, high above the restTo all cut off before their time,
Possess'd by some strange spirit of fire,
Quench'd by an early death.



                                      




A CAROL CLOSING SIXTYNINE.

A carol closing sixtyninea rsuma repetition,
My lines in joy and hope continuing on the same,
Of ye, O God, Life, Nature, Freedom, Poetry;
Of you, my Landyour rivers, prairies, Statesyou, mottled 
Flag I love,
Your aggregate retain'd entireOf north, south, east and west, 
your items all;
Of me myselfthe jocund heart yet beating in my breast,
The body wreck'd, old, poor and paralyzedthe strange inertia 
falling palllike round me,
The burning fires down in my sluggish blood not yet extinct,
The undiminish'd faiththe groups of loving friends.


THE BRAVEST SOLDIERS.

Brave, brave were the soldiers (high named today) who lived 
through the fight;
But the bravest press'd to the front and fell, unnamed, unknown.


A FONT OF TYPE.

This latent minethese unlaunch'd voicespassionate powers,
Wrath, argument, or praise, or comic leer, or prayer devout,
(Not nonpareil, brevier, bourgeois, long primer merely,)
These ocean waves arousable to fury and to death,
Or sooth'd to ease and sheeny sun and sleep,
Within the pallid slivers slumbering.


AS I SIT WRITING HERE.

As I sit writing here, sick and grown old,
Not my least burden is that dulness of the years, querilities,
Ungracious glooms, aches, lethargy, constipation, whimpering 
ennui,
May filter in my daily songs.


MY CANARY BIRD.

Did we count great, O soul, to penetrate the themes of mighty 
books,
Absorbing deep and full from thoughts, plays, speculations?
But now from thee to me, caged bird, to feel thy joyous warble,
Filling the air, the lonesome room, the long forenoon,
Is it not just as great, O soul?



                                      




QUERIES TO MY SEVENTIETH YEAR.

Approaching, nearing, curious,
Thou dim, uncertain spectrebringest thou life or death?
Strength, weakness, blindness, more paralysis and heavier?
Or placid skies and sun? Wilt stir the waters yet?
Or haply cut me short for good? Or leave me here as now,
Dull, parrotlike and old, with crack'd voice harping, screeching?


THE WALLABOUT MARTYRS.

In Brooklyn, in an old vault, mark'd by no special recognition, lie huddled at this moment the undoubtedly authentic remains of the stanchest and earliest revolutionary patriots from the British prison ships and prisons of the times of , in and around New York, and from all over Long Island; originally buriedmany thousands of themin trenches in the Wallabout sands.

Greater than memory of Achilles or Ulysses,
More, more by far to thee than tomb of Alexander,
Those cart loads of old charnel ashes, scales and splints of 
mouldy bones,
Once living menonce resolute courage, aspiration, strength,
The stepping stones to thee today and here, America.


THE FIRST DANDELION.

Simple and fresh and fair from winter's close emerging,
As if no artifice of fashion, business, politics, had ever been,
Forth from its sunny nook of shelter'd grassinnocent, golden, 
calm as the dawn,
The spring's first dandelion shows its trustful face.


AMERICA.

Centre of equal daughters, equal sons,
All, all alike endear'd, grown, ungrown, young or old,
Strong, ample, fair, enduring, capable, rich,
Perennial with the Earth, with Freedom, Law and Love,
A grand, sane, towering, seated Mother,
Chair'd in the adamant of Time.


MEMORIES.

How sweet the silent backward tracings!
The wanderings as in dreamsthe meditation of old times re
sumedtheir loves, joys, persons, voyages.



                                      




TODAY AND THEE.

The appointed winners in a longstretch'd game;
The course of Time and nationsEgypt, India, Greece and 
Rome;
The past entire, with all its heroes, histories, arts, experiments,
Its store of songs, inventions, voyages, teachers, books,
Garner'd for now and theeTo think of it!
The heirdom all converged in thee!


AFTER THE DAZZLE OF DAY.

After the dazzle of day is gone,
Only the dark, dark night shows to my eyes the stars;
After the clangor of organ majestic, or chorus, or perfect band,
Silent, athwart my soul, moves the symphony true.


ABRAHAM LINCOLN, BORN FEB. , .

Today, from each and all, a breath of prayera pulse of 
thought,
To memory of Himto birth of Him.
Publish'd Feb. , .



OUT OF MAY'S SHOWS SELECTED.

Apple orchards, the trees all cover'd with blossoms;
Wheat fields carpeted far and near in vital emerald green;
The eternal, exhaustless freshness of each early morning;
The yellow, golden, transparent haze of the warm afternoon sun;
The aspiring lilac bushes with profuse purple or white flowers.


HALCYON DAYS.

Not from successful love alone,
Nor wealth, nor honor'd middle age, nor victories of politics or 
war;
But as life wanes, and all the turbulent passions calm,
As gorgeous, vapory, silent hues cover the evening sky,
As softness, fulness, rest, suffuse the frame, like freshier, balmier 
air,
As the days take on a mellower light, and the apple at last hangs 
really finish'd and indolentripe on the tree,
Then for the teeming quietest, happiest days of all!
The brooding and blissful halcyon days!



                                      




FANCIES AT NAVESINK.


THE PILOT IN THE MIST.

Steaming the northern rapids(an old St. Lawrence reminis
cence,
A sudden memoryflash comes back, I know not why,
Here waiting for the sunrise, gazing from this hill;)*
Again 'tis just at morninga heavy haze contends with day
break,
Again the trembling, laboring vessel veers meI press through 
foamdash'd rocks that almost touch me,
Again I mark where aft the small thin Indian helmsman
Looms in the mist, with brow elate and governing hand.


HAD I THE CHOICE.

Had I the choice to tally greatest bards,
To limn their portraits, stately, beautiful, and emulate at will,
Homer with all his wars and warriorsHector, Achilles, Ajax,
Or Shakspere's woeentangled Hamlet, Lear, OthelloTenny
son's fair ladies,
Metre or wit the best, or choice conceit to wield in perfect 
rhyme, delight of singers;
These, these, O sea, all these I'd gladly barter,
Would you the undulation of one wave, its trick to me transfer,
Or breathe one breath of yours upon my verse,
And leave its odor there.


YOU TIDES WITH CEASELESS SWELL.

You tides with ceaseless swell! you power that does this work!
You unseen force, centripetal, centrifugal, through space's 
spread,
Rapport of sun, moon, earth, and all the constellations,
What are the messages by you from distant stars to us? what 
Sirius'? what Capella's?
What central heartand you the pulsevivifies all? what 
boundless aggregate of all?
What subtle indirection and significance in you? what clue to 
all in you? what fluid, vast identity,
Holding the universe with all its parts as oneas sailing in a ship?



* *Navesinka seaside mountain, lower entrance of New York Bay.


                                      



LAST OF EBB, AND DAYLIGHT WANING.

Last of ebb, and daylight waning,
Scented seacool landward making, smells of sedge and salt 
incoming,
With many a halfcaught voice sent up from the eddies,
Many a muffled confessionmany a sob and whisper'd word,
As of speakers far or hid.

How they sweep down and out! how they mutter!
Poets unnamedartists greatest of any, with cherish'd lost 
designs,
Love's unresponsea chorus of age's complaintshope's last 
words,
Some suicide's despairing cry, Away to the boundless waste, and 
never again return.

On to oblivion then!
On, on, and do your part, ye burying, ebbing tide!
On for your time, ye furious debouch!


AND YET NOT YOU ALONE.

And yet not you alone, twilight and burying ebb,
Nor you, ye lost designs alonenor failures, aspirations;
I know, divine deceitful ones, your glamour's seeming;
Duly by you, from you, the tide and light againduly the 
hinges turning,
Duly the needed discordparts offsetting, blending,
Weaving from you, from Sleep, Night, Death itself,
The rhythmus of Birth eternal.


PROUDLY THE FLOOD COMES IN.

Proudly the flood comes in, shouting, foaming, advancing,
Long it holds at the high, with bosom broad outswelling,
All throbs, dilatesthe farms, woods, streets of citiesworkmen 
at work,
Mainsails, topsails, jibs, appear in the offingsteamers' pennants 
of smokeand under the forenoon sun,
Freighted with human lives, gaily the outward bound, gaily the 
inward bound,
Flaunting from many a spar the flag I love.


BY THAT LONG SCAN OF WAVES.

By that long scan of waves, myself call'd back, resumed upon 
myself,
In every crest some undulating light or shadesome retrospect,


                                      



Joys, travels, studies, silent panoramasscenes ephemeral,
The long past war, the battles, hospital sights, the wounded and 
the dead,
Myself through every bygone phasemy idle youthold age at 
hand,
My threescore years of life summ'd up, and more, and past,
By any grand ideal tried, intentionless, the whole a nothing,
And haply yet some drop within God's scheme's ensemblesome 
wave, or part of wave,
Like one of yours, ye multitudinous ocean.


THEN LAST OF ALL.

Then last of all, caught from these shores, this hill,
Of you O tides, the mystic human meaning:
Only by law of you, your swell and ebb, enclosing me the same,
The brain that shapes, the voice that chants this song.


ELECTION DAY, NOVEMBER, .

If I should need to name, O Western World, your powerfulest 
scene and show,
'Twould not be you, Niagaranor you, ye limitless prairiesnor 
your huge rifts of canyons, Colorado,
Nor you, Yosemitenor Yellowstone, with all its spasmic geyser
loops ascending to the skies, appearing and disappearing,
Nor Oregon's white conesnor Huron's belt of mighty lakes
nor Mississippi's stream:
This seething hemisphere's humanity, as now, I'd namethe 
still small voice vibratingAmerica's choosing day,
(The heart of it not in the chosenthe act itself the main, the 
quadriennial choosing,)
The stretch of North and South arous'dseaboard and inland 
Texas to Mainethe Prairie StatesVermont, Virginia, 
California,
The final ballotshower from East to Westthe paradox and con
flict,
The countless snowflakes falling(a swordless conflict,
Yet more than all Rome's wars of old, or modern Napoleon's:) 
the peaceful choice of all,
Or good or ill humanitywelcoming the darker odds, the dross:
Foams and ferments the wine? it serves to purifywhile the 
heart pants, life glows:
These stormy gusts and winds waft precious ships,
Swell'd Washington's, Jefferson's, Lincoln's sails.



                                      




WITH HUSKYHAUGHTY LIPS, O SEA!

With huskyhaughty lips, O sea!
Where day and night I wend thy surfbeat shore,
Imaging to my sense thy varied strange suggestions,
(I see and plainly list thy talk and conference here,)
Thy troops of whitemaned racers racing to the goal,
Thy ample, smiling face, dash'd with the sparkling dimples of the 
sun,
Thy brooding scowl and murkthy unloos'd hurricanes,
Thy unsubduedness, caprices, wilfulness;
Great as thou art above the rest, thy many tearsa lack from all 
eternity in thy content,
(Naught but the greatest struggles, wrongs, defeats, could make 
thee greatestno less could make thee,)
Thy lonely statesomething thou ever seek'st and seek'st, yet 
never gain'st,
Surely some right withheldsome voice, in huge monotonous 
rage, of freedomlover pent,
Some vast heart, like a planet's, chain'd and chafing in those 
breakers,
By lengthen'd swell, and spasm, and panting breath,
And rhythmic rasping of thy sands and waves,
And serpent hiss, and savage peals of laughter,
And undertones of distant lion roar,
(Sounding, appealing to the sky's deaf earbut now, rapport for 
once,
A phantom in the night thy confidant for once,)
The first and last confession of the globe,
Outsurging, muttering from thy soul's abysms,
The tale of cosmic elemental passion,
Thou tellest to a kindred soul.


DEATH OF GENERAL GRANT.

As one by one withdraw the lofty actors,
From that great play on history's stage eterne,
That lurid, partial act of war and peaceof old and new con
tending,
Fought out through wrath, fears, dark dismays, and many a long 
suspense;
All pastand since, in countless graves receding, mellowing,
Victor's and vanquish'dLincoln's and Lee'snow thou with 
them,


                                      



Man of the mighty daysand equal to the days!
Thou from the prairies!tangled and manyvein'd and hard has 
been thy part,
To admiration has it been enacted!


RED JACKET (FROM ALOFT.)

Impromptu on Buffalo City's monument to, and reburial of the old Iroquois orator, October , .

Upon this scene, this show,
Yielded today by fashion, learning, wealth,
(Nor in caprice alonesome grains of deepest meaning,)
Haply, aloft, (who knows?) from distant skyclouds' blended 
shapes,
As some old tree, or rock or cliff, thrill'd with its soul,
Product of Nature's sun, stars, earth directa towering human 
form,
In huntingshirt of film, arm'd with the rifle, a halfironical smile 
curving its phantom lips,
Like one of Ossian's ghosts looks down.


WASHINGTON'S MONUMENT, FEBRUARY, .

Ah, not this marble, dead and cold:
Far from its base and shaft expandingthe round zones circling, 
comprehending,
Thou, Washington, art all the world's, the continents' entire
not yours alone, America,
Europe's as well, in every part, castle of lord or laborer's cot,
Or frozen North, or sultry Souththe African'sthe Arab's in 
his tent,
Old Asia's there with venerable smile, seated amid her ruins;
(Greets the antique the hero new? 'tis but the samethe heir 
legitimate, continued ever,
The indomitable heart and armproofs of the neverbroken 
line,
Courage, alertness, patience, faith, the samee'en in defeat de
feated not, the same:)
Wherever sails a ship, or house is built on land, or day or night,
Through teeming cities' streets, indoors or out, factories or farms,
Now, or to come, or pastwhere patriot wills existed or exist,
Wherever Freedom, pois'd by Toleration, sway'd by Law,
Stands or is rising thy true monument.



                                      




OF THAT BLITHE THROAT OF THINE.

More than eightythree degrees northabout a good day's steaming distance to the Pole by one of our fast oceaners in clear waterGreely the explorer heard the 
song of a single snowbird merrily sounding over the desolation.

Of that blithe throat of thine from arctic bleak and blank,
I'll mind the lesson, solitary birdlet me too welcome chilling 
drifts,
E'en the profoundest chill, as nowa torpid pulse, a brain un
nerv'd,
Old age landlock'd within its winter bay(cold, cold, O cold!)
These snowy hairs, my feeble arm, my frozen feet,
For them thy faith, thy rule I take, and grave it to the last;
Not summer's zones alonenot chants of youth, or south's warm 
tides alone,
But held by sluggish floes, pack'd in the northern ice, the cumulus 
of years,
These with gay heart I also sing.


BROADWAY.

What hurrying human tides, or day or night!
What passions, winnings, losses, ardors, swim thy waters!
What whirls of evil, bliss and sorrow, stem thee!
What curious questioning glancesglints of love!
Leer, envy, scorn, contempt, hope, aspiration!
Thou portalthou arenathou of the myriad longdrawn lines 
and groups!
(Could but thy flagstones, curbs, faades, tell their inimitable 
tales;
Thy windows rich, and huge hotelsthy sidewalks wide;)
Thou of the endless sliding, mincing, shuffling feet!
Thou, like the particolored world itselflike infinite, teeming, 
mocking life!
Thou visor'd, vast, unspeakable show and lesson!


TO GET THE FINAL LILT OF SONGS.

To get the final lilt of songs,
To penetrate the inmost lore of poetsto know the mighty ones,
Job, Homer, Eschylus, Dante, Shakspere, Tennyson, Emerson;
To diagnose the shiftingdelicate tints of love and pride and 
doubtto truly understand,
To encompass these, the last keen faculty and entranceprice,
Old age, and what it brings from all its past experiences.



                                      




OLD SALT KOSSABONE.

Far back, related on my mother's side,
Old Salt Kossabone, I'll tell you how he died:
(Had been a sailor all his lifewas nearly lived with his 
married grandchild, Jenny;
House on a hill, with view of bay at hand, and distant cape, and 
stretch to open sea;)
The last of afternoons, the evening hours, for many a year his 
regular custom,
In his great arm chair by the window seated,
(Sometimes, indeed, through half the day,)
Watching the coming, going of the vessels, he mutters to himself 
And now the close of all:
One struggling outbound brig, one day, baffled for longcross
tides and much wrong going,
At last at nightfall strikes the breeze aright, her whole luck veer
ing,
And swiftly bending round the cape, the darkness proudly enter
ing, cleaving, as he watches,
"She's freeshe's on her destination"these the last words
when Jenny came, he sat there dead,
Dutch Kossabone, Old Salt, related on my mother's side, far 
back.


THE DEAD TENOR.

As down the stage again,
With Spanish hat and plumes, and gait inimitable,
Back from the fading lessons of the past, I'd call, I'd tell and 
own,
How much from thee! the revelation of the singing voice from 
thee!
(So firmso liquidsoftagain that tremulous, manly timbre!
The perfect singing voicedeepest of all to me the lessontrial 
and test of all:)
How through those strains distill'dhow the rapt ears, the soul 
of me, absorbing
Fernando's heart, Manrico's passionate call, Ernani's, sweet 
Gennaro's,
I fold thenceforth, or seek to fold, within my chants transmuting,
Freedom's and Love's and Faith's unloos'd cantabile,
(As perfume's, color's, sunlight's correlation:)
From these, for these, with these, a hurried line, dead tenor,
A wafted autumn leaf, dropt in the closing grave, the shovel'd 
earth,
To memory of thee.



                                      




CONTINUITIES.

From a talk I had lately with a German spiritualist.

Nothing is ever really lost, or can be lost,
No birth, identity, formno object of the world.
Nor life, nor force, nor any visible thing;
Appearance must not foil, nor shifted sphere confuse thy brain.
Ample are time and spaceample the fields of Nature.
The body, sluggish, aged, coldthe embers left from earlier 
fires,
The light in the eye grown dim, shall duly flame again;
The sun now low in the west rises for mornings and for noons 
continual;
To frozen clods ever the spring's invisible law returns,
With grass and flowers and summer fruits and corn.


YONNONDIO.

The sense of the word is lament for the aborigines. It is an Iroquois term; and has been used for a personal name.

A song, a poem of itselfthe word itself a dirge,
Amid the wilds, the rocks, the storm and wintry night,
To me such misty, strange tableaux the syllables calling up;
YonnondioI see, far in the west or north, a limitless ravine, 
with plains and mountains dark,
I see swarms of stalwart chieftains, medicinemen, and warriors,
As flitting by like clouds of ghosts, they pass and are gone in the 
twilight,
(Race of the woods, the landscapes free, and the falls!
No picture, poem, statement, passing them to the future:)
Yonnondio! Yonnondio!unlimn'd they disappear;
Today gives place, and fadesthe cities, farms, factories fade;
A muffled sonorous sound, a wailing word is borne through the 
air for a moment,
Then blank and gone and still, and utterly lost.


LIFE.

Ever the undiscouraged, resolute, struggling soul of man;
(Have former armies fail'd? then we send fresh armiesand 
fresh again;)
Ever the grappled mystery of all earth's ages old or new;
Ever the eager eyes, hurrahs, the welcomeclapping hands, the 
loud applause;
Ever the soul dissatisfied, curious, unconvinced at last;
Struggling today the samebattling the same.



                                      




"GOING SOMEWHERE."

My sciencefriend, my noblest womanfriend,
(Now buried in an English graveand this a memoryleaf for 
her dear sake,)
Ended our talk"The sum, concluding all we know of old or 
modern learning, intuitions deep,
"Of all GeologiesHistoriesof all Astronomyof Evolution, 
Metaphysics all,
"Is, that we all are onward, onward, speeding slowly, surely 
bettering,
"Life, life an endless march, an endless army, (no halt, but it is 
duly over,)
"The world, the race, the soulin space and time the universes,
"All bound as is befitting eachall surely going somewhere."

From the  edition L. of G.


SMALL THE THEME OF MY CHANT.

Small the theme of my Chant, yet the greatestnamely, One's
Selfa simple, separate person. That, for the use of the 
New World, I sing.
Man's physiology complete, from top to toe, I sing. Not physi
ognomy alone, nor brain alone, is worthy for the Muse;I 
say the Form complete is worthier far. The Female equally 
with the Male, I sing.
Nor cease at the theme of One'sSelf. I speak the word of the 
modern, the word EnMasse.
My Days I sing, and the Landswith interstice I knew of hap
less War.
(O friend, whoe'er you are, at last arriving hither to commence, 
I feel through every leaf the pressure of your hand, which I 
return.
And thus upon our journey, footing the road, and more than 
once, and link'd together let us go.)


TRUE CONQUERORS.

Old farmers, travelers, workmen (no matter how crippled or 
bent,)
Old sailors, out of many a perilous voyage, storm and wreck,
Old soldiers from campaigns, with all their wounds, defeats and 
scars;
Enough that they've survived at alllong life's unflinching ones!
Forth from their struggles, trials, fights, to have emerged at all 
in that alone,
True conquerors o'er all the rest.



                                      




THE UNITED STATES TO OLD WORLD CRITICS.

Here first the duties of today, the lessons of the concrete,
Wealth, order, travel, shelter, products, plenty;
As of the building of some varied, vast, perpetual edifice,
Whence to arise inevitable in time, the towering roofs, the lamps,
The solidplanted spires tall shooting to the stars.


THE CALMING THOUGHT OF ALL.

That coursing on, whate'er men's speculations,
Amid the changing schools, theologies, philosophies,
Amid the bawling presentations new and old,
The round earth's silent vital laws, facts, modes continue.


THANKS IN OLD AGE.

Thanks in old agethanks ere I go,
For health, the midday sun, the impalpable airfor life, mere 
life,
For precious everlingering memories, (of you my mother dear 
you, fatheryou, brothers, sisters, friends,)
For all my daysnot those of peace alonethe days of war the 
same,
For gentle words, caresses, gifts from foreign lands,
For shelter, wine and meatfor sweet appreciation,
(You distant, dim unknownor young or oldcountless, un
specified, readers belov'd,
We never met, and ne'er shall meetand yet our souls embrace, 
long, close and long;)
For beings, groups, love, deeds, words, booksfor colors, forms,
For all the brave strong mendevoted, hardy menwho've for
ward sprung in freedom's help, all years, all lands,
For braver, stronger, more devoted men(a special laurel ere I 
go, to life's war's chosen ones,
The cannoneers of song and thoughtthe great artilleriststhe 
foremost leaders, captains of the soul:)
As soldier from an ended war return'dAs traveler out of 
myriads, to the long procession retrospective,
Thanksjoyful thanks!a soldier's, traveler's thanks.


LIFE AND DEATH.

The two old, simple problems ever intertwined,
Close home, elusive, present, baffled, grappled.
By each successive age insoluble, pass'd on,
To ours todayand we pass on the same.



                                      




THE VOICE OF THE RAIN.

And who art thou? said I to the softfalling shower,
Which, strange to tell, gave me an answer, as here translated:
I am the Poem of Earth, said the voice of the rain,
Eternal I rise impalpable out of the land and the bottomless sea,
Upward to heaven, whence, vaguely form'd, altogether changed, 
and yet the same,
I descend to lave the drouths, atomies, dustlayers of the globe,
And all that in them without me were seeds only, latent, unborn;
And forever, by day and night, I give back life to my own 
origin, and make pure and beautify it;
(For song, issuing from its birthplace, after fulfilment, wander 
ing,
Reck'd or unreck'd. duly with love returns.)


SOON SHALL THE WINTER'S FOIL BE HERE.

Soon shall the winter's foil be here;
Soon shall these icy ligatures unbind and meltA little while,
And air, soil, wave, suffused shall be in softness, bloom and 
growtha thousand forms shall rise
From these dead clods and chills as from low burial graves.
Thine eyes, earsall thy best attributesall that takes cognizance 
of natural beauty,
Shall wake and fill. Thou shalt perceive the simple shows, the 
delicate miracles of earth,
Dandelions, clover, the emerald grass, the early scents and flow
ers,
The arbutus under foot, the willow's yellowgreen, the blossom
ing plum and cherry;
With these the robin, lark and thrush, singing their songsthe 
flitting bluebird;
For such the scenes the annual play brings on.


WHILE NOT THE PAST FORGETTING.

While not the past forgetting,
Today, at least, contention sunk entirepeace, brotherhood up
risen;
For sign reciprocal our Northern, Southern hands,
Lay on the graves of all dead soldiers, North or South,
(Nor for the past alonefor meanings to the future,)
Wreaths of roses and branches of palm.
*Publish'd May , .



                                      




THE DYING VETERAN.

A Long Island incidentearly part of the present century.

Amid these days of order, ease, prosperity,
Amid the current songs of beauty, peace, decorum,
I cast a reminiscence(likely 'twill offend you,
I heard it in my boyhood;)More than a generation since,
A queer old savage man, a fighter under Washington himself,
(Large, brave, cleanly, hotblooded, no talker, rather spiritual
istic,
Had fought in the ranksfought wellhad been all through the 
Revolutionary war,)
Lay dyingsons, daughters, churchdeacons, lovingly tending 
him,
Sharping their sense, their ears, towards his murmuring, half
caught words:
"Let me return again to my wardays,
To the sights and scenesto forming the line of battle,
To the scouts ahead reconnoitering,
To the cannons, the grim artillery,
To the galloping aids, carrying orders,
To the wounded, the fallen, the heat, the suspense,
The perfume strong, the smoke, the deafening noise;
Away with your life of peace!your joys of peace!
Give me my old wild battlelife again!"


STRONGER LESSONS.

Have you learn'd lessons only of those who admired you, and 
were tender with you, and stood aside for you?
Have you not learn'd great lessons from those who reject you, 
and brace themselves against you? or who treat you with 
contempt, or dispute the passage with you?


A PRAIRIE SUNSET.

Shot gold, maroon and violet, dazzling silver, emerald, fawn,
The earth's whole amplitude and Nature's multiform power con
sign'd for once to colors;
The light, the general air possess'd by themcolors till now un
known,
No limit, confinenot the Western sky alonethe high meri
dianNorth, South, all,
Pure luminous color fighting the silent shadows to the last.



                                      




TWENTY YEARS.

Down on the ancient wharf, the sand, I sit, with a newcomer 
chatting:
He shipp'd as greenhand boy, and sail'd away, (took some sud
den, vehement notion;)
Since, twenty years and more have circled round and round,
While he the globe was circling round and round,and now 
returns:
How changed the placeall the old landmarks gonethe 
parents dead;
(Yes, he comes back to lay in port for goodto settle has a well
fill'd purseno spot will do but this;)
The little boat that scull'd him from the sloop, now held in 
leash I see,
I hear the slapping waves, the restless keel, the rocking in the 
sand,
I see the sailor kit, the canvas bag, the great box bound with 
brass,
I scan the face all berrybrown and beardedthe stoutstrong 
frame,
Dress'd in its russet suit of good Scotch cloth:
(Then what the toldout story of those twenty years? What of 
the future?)


ORANGE BUDS BY MAIL FROM FLORIDA.

Voltaire closed a famous argument by claiming that a ship of war and the grand opera were proofs enough of civilization's and France's progress, in his day.

A lesser proof than old Voltaire's, yet greater,
Proof of this present time, and thee, thy broad expanse, 
America,
To my plain Northern hut, in outside clouds and snow,
Brought safely for a thousand miles o'er land and tide,
Some three days since on their own soil livesprouting,
Now here their sweetness through my room unfolding,
A bunch of orange buds by mail from Florida.


TWILIGHT.

The soft voluptuous opiate shades,
The sun just gone, the eager light dispell'd(I too will soon be 
gone, dispell'd,)
A hazenirwanarest and nightoblivion.



                                      




YOU LINGERING SPARSE LEAVES OF ME.

You lingering sparse leaves of me on winternearing boughs,
And I some wellshorn tree of field or orchardrow;
You tokens diminute and lorn(not now the flush of May, or 
July cloverbloomno grain of August now;)
You pallid bannerstavesyou pennants valuelessyou over
stay'd of time,
Yet my souldearest leaves confirming all the rest,
The faithfulesthardiestlast.


NOT MEAGRE, LATENT BOUGHS ALONE.

Not meagre, latent boughs alone, O songs! (scaly and bare, 
like eagles' talons,)
But haply for some sunny day (who knows?) some future spring, 
some summerbursting forth,
To verdant leaves, or sheltering shadeto nourishing fruit,
Apples and grapesthe stalwart limbs of trees emergingthe 
fresh, free, open air,
And love and faith, like scented roses blooming.


THE DEAD EMPEROR.

Today, with bending head and eyes, thou, too, Columbia,
Less for the mighty crown laid low in sorrowless for the 
Emperor,
Thy true condolence breathest, sendest out o'er many a salt sea 
mile,
Mourning a good old mana faithful shepherd, patriot.
Publish'd March , .



AS THE GREEK'S SIGNAL FLAME.

For Whittier's eightieth birthday, December , .

As the Greek's signal flame, by antique records told,
Rose from the hilltop, like applause and glory,
Welcoming in fame some special veteran, hero,
With rosy tinge reddening the land he'd served,
So I aloft from Mannahatta's shipfringed shore,
Lift high a kindled brand for thee, Old Poet.



                                      




THE DISMANTLED SHIP.

In some unused lagoon, some nameless bay,
On sluggish, lonesome waters, anchor'd near the shore,
An old, dismasted, gray and batter'd ship, disabled, done,
After free voyages to all the seas of earth, haul'd up at last and 
hawser'd tight,
Lies rusting, mouldering.


NOW PRECEDENT SONGS, FAREWELL.

Now precedent songs, farewellby every name farewell,
(Trains of a staggering line in many a strange procession, 
waggons,
From ups and downswith intervalsfrom elder years, midage, 
or youth,)
"In Cabin'd Ships," or "Thee Old Cause" or "Poets to Come"
Or "Paumanok," "Song of Myself," "Calamus," or "Adam,"
Or "Beat! Beat! Drums!" or "To the Leaven'd Soil they 
Trod,"
Or "Captain! My Captain!" "Kosmos," "Quicksand Years," 
or "Thoughts,"
"Thou Mother with thy Equal Brood," and many, many more 
unspecified,
From fibre heart of minefrom throat and tongue(My life's 
hot pulsing blood,
The personal urge and form for menot merely paper, automatic 
type and ink,)
Each song of mineeach utterance in the pasthaving its long, 
long history,
Of life or death, or soldier's wound, of country's loss or safety,
(O heaven! what flash and started endless train of all! com
pared indeed to that!
What wretched shred e'en at the best of all!)


AN EVENING LULL.

After a week of physical anguish,
Unrest and pain, and feverish heat,
Toward the ending day a calm and lull comes on,
Three hours of peace and soothing rest of brain.*



* *The two songs on this page are eked out during an afternoon, June, , in my seventieth year, at a critical spell of illness. Of course no reader and probably no human being at any time will ever have such phases of emotional and solemn action as these involve to me. I feel them an end and close of all.



                                      




OLD AGE'S LAMBENT PEAKS.

The touch of flamethe illuminating firethe loftiest look at 
last,
O'er city, passion, seao'er prairie, mountain, woodthe earth 
itself;
The airy, different, changing hues of all, in falling twilight,
Objects and groups, bearings, faces, reminiscences;
The calmer sightthe golden setting, clear and broad:
So much i' the atmosphere, the points of view, the situations 
whence we scan,
Bro't out by them aloneso much (perhaps the best) unreck'd 
before;
The lights indeed from themold age's lambent peaks.


AFTER THE SUPPER AND TALK.

After the supper and talkafter the day is done,
As a friend from friends his final withdrawal prolonging,
Goodbye and Goodbye with emotional lips repeating,
(So hard for his hand to release those handsno more will they 
meet,
No more for communion of sorrow and joy, of old and young,
A farstretching journey awaits him, to return no more,)
Shunning, postponing severanceseeking to ward off the last 
word ever so little,
E'en at the exitdoor turningcharges superfluous calling back 
e'en as he descends the steps,
Something to eke out a minute additionalshadows of nightfall 
deepening,
Farewells, messages lesseningdimmer the forthgoer's visage 
and form,
Soon to be lost for aye in the darknessloth, O so loth to de
part!
Garrulous to the very last.


        

GOODBYE MY FANCY.

SAIL OUT FOR GOOD, EIDLON YACHT!

HEAVE the anchor short!
Raise mainsail and jibsteer forth,
O little whitehull'd sloop, now speed on really deep waters,
(I will not call it our concluding voyage,
But outset and sure entrance to the truest, best, maturest;)
Depart, depart from solid earthno more returning to these 
shores,
Now on for aye our infinite free venture wending,
Spurning all yet tried ports, seas, hawsers, densities, gravitation,
Sail out for good, eidlon yacht of me!


LINGERING LAST DROPS.

AND whence and why come you?

We know not whence, (was the answer,)
We only know that we drift here with the rest,
That we linger'd and lagg'dbut were wafted at last, and are 
now here,
To make the passing shower's concluding drops.


GOODBYE MY FANCY.

GOODBYE * my fancy(I had a word to say,
But 'tis not quite the timeThe best of any man's word or say,
Is when its proper place arrivesand for its meaning,
I keep mine till the last.)


**Behind a Goodbye there lurks much of the salutation of another beginningto me, Development, Continuity, Immortality, Transformation, are the chiefest lifemeanings of Nature and Humanity, and are the sine qua non of all facts, and each fact. 

Why do folks dwell so fondly on the last words, advice, appearance, of the departing? Those last words are not samples of the best, which involve vitality at its full, and balance, and perfect control and scope. But they are valuable beyond measure to confirm and endorse the varied train, facts, theories and faith of the whole preceding life.




                                      




ON, ON THE SAME, YE JOCUND TWAIN!

ON, on the same, ye jocund twain!
My life and recitative, containing birth, youth, midage years,
Fitful as motleytongues of flame, inseparably twined and merged 
in onecombining all,
My single soulaims, confirmations, failures, joysNor single 
soul alone,
I chant my nation's crucial stage, (America's, haply humanity's) 
the trial great, the victory great,
A strange eclaircissement of all the masses past, the eastern 
world, the ancient, medieval,
Here, here from wanderings, strayings, lessons, wars, defeats 
here at the west a voice triumphantjustifying all,
A gladsome pealing crya song for once of utmost pride and 
satisfaction;
I chant from it the common bulk, the general average horde, 
(the best no sooner than the worst)And now I chant old 
age,
(My verses, written first for forenoon life, and for the summer's, 
autumn's spread,
I pass to snowwhite hairs the same, and give to pulses winter 
cool'd the same;)
As here in careless trill, I and my recitatives, with faith and 
love,
Wafting to other work, to unknown songs, conditions,
On, on, ye jocund twain! continue on the same!


MY ST YEAR.

AFTER surmounting threescore and ten,
With all their chances, changes, losses, sorrows,
My parents' deaths, the vagaries of my life, the many tearing 
passions of me, the war of ' and ',
As some old broken soldier, after a long, hot, wearying march, 
or haply after battle,
Today at twilight, hobbling, answering company rollcall, Here, 
with vital voice,
Reporting yet, saluting yet the Officer over all.


APPARITIONS.

A VAGUE mist hanging 'round half the pages:
(Sometimes how strange and clear to the soul,
That all these solid things are indeed but apparitions, concepts, 
nonrealities.)



                                      




THE PALLID WREATH.

SOMEHOW I cannot let it go yet, funeral though it is,
Let it remain back there on its nail suspended,
With pink, blue, yellow, all blanch'd, and the white now gray 
and ashy,
One wither'd rose put years ago for thee, dear friend;
But I do not forget thee. Hast thou then faded?
Is the odor exhaled? Are the colors, vitalities, dead?
No, while memories subtly playthe past vivid as ever;
For but last night I woke, and in that spectral ring saw thee,
Thy smile, eyes, face, calm, silent, loving as ever:
So let the wreath hang still awhile within my eyereach,
It is not yet dead to me, nor even pallid.


AN ENDED DAY.

The soothing sanity and blitheness of completion,
The pomp and hurried contestglare and rush are done;
Now triumph! transformation! jubilate!*


**NOTE.Summer country life.Several years.In my rambles and explorations I found a woody place near the creek, where for some reason the birds in happy mood seem'd to resort in unusual numbers. Especially at the beginning of the day, and again at the ending, I was sure to get there the most copious birdconcerts. I repair'd there frequently at sunriseand also at sunset, or just before . . . Once the question arose in me: Which is the best singing, the first or the lattermost? The first always exhilerated, and perhaps seem'd more joyous and stronger; but I always felt the sunset or late afternoon sounds more penetrating and sweeterseem'd to touch the souloften the evening thrushes, two or three of them, responding and perhaps blending. Though I miss'd some of the mornings, I found myself getting to be quite strictly punctual at the evening utterances.

ANOTHER NOTE."He went out with the tide and the sunset," was a phrase I heard from a surgeon describing an old sailor's death under peculiarly gentle conditions. 

During the Secession War,  and ', visiting the Army Hospitals around Washington, I form'd the habit, and continued it to the end, whenever the ebb or flood tide began the latter part of day, of punctually visiting those at that time populous wards of suffering men. Somehow (or I thought it so) the effect of the hour was palpable. The badly wounded would get some ease, and would like to talk a little, or be talk'd to. Intellectual and emotional natures would be at their best: Deaths were always easier; medicines seem'd to have better effect when given then, and a lulling atmosphere would pervade the wards. 

Similar influences, similar circumstances and hours, dayclose, after great battles, even with all their horrors. I had more than once the same experience on the fields cover'd with fallen or dead.




                                      




OLD AGE'S SHIP & CRAFTY DEATH'S.

FROM east and west across the horizon's edge,
Two mighty masterful vessels sailers steal upon us:
But we'll make race atime upon the seasa battlecontest yet! 
bear lively there!
(Our joys of strife and derringdo to the last!)
Put on the old ship all her power today!
Crowd topsail, topgallant and royal studdingsails,
Out challenge and defianceflags and flaunting pennants added,
As we take to the opentake to the deepest, freest waters.


TO THE PENDING YEAR.

HAVE I no weaponword for theesome message brief and 
fierce?
(Have I fought out and done indeed the battle?) Is there no shot 
left,
For all thy affectations, lisps, scorns, manifold silliness?
Nor for myselfmy own rebellious self in thee?

Down, down, proud gorge!though choking thee;
Thy bearded throat and highborne forehead to the gutter;
Crouch low thy neck to eleemosynary gifts.


SHAKSPEREBACON'S CIPHER.

I DOUBT it notthen more, far more;
In each old song bequeath'din every noble page or text,
(Differentsomething unreck'd beforesome unsuspected 
author,)
In every object, mountain, tree, and starin every birth and 
life,
As part of eachevolv'd from eachmeaning, behind the os
tent,
A mystic cipher waits infolded.


LONG, LONG HENCE.

AFTER a long, long course, hundreds of years, denials,
Accumulations, rous'd love and joy and thought,
Hopes, wishes, aspirations, ponderings, victories, myriads of 
readers,
Coating, compassing, coveringafter ages' and ages' encrus
tations,
Then only may these songs reach fruition.



                                      




BRAVO, PARIS EXPOSITION!

ADD to your show, before you close it, France,
With all the rest, visible, concrete, temples, towers, goods, ma
chines and ores,
Our sentiment wafted from many million heartthrobs, ethereal 
but solid,
(We grandsons and greatgrandsons do not forget your grand
sires,)
From fifty Nations and nebulous Nations, compacted, sent over
sea today,
America's applause, love, memories and goodwill.


INTERPOLATION SOUNDS.


OVER and through the burial chant,
Organ and solemn service, sermon, bending priests,
To me come interpolation sounds not in the showplainly to 
me, crowding up the aisle and from the window,
Of sudden battle's hurry and harsh noiseswar's grim game to 
sight and ear in earnest;
The scout call'd up and forwardthe general mounted and his 
aids around himthe newbrought wordthe instantaneous 
order issued;
The rifle crackthe cannon thudthe rushing forth of men 
from their tents;
The clank of cavalrythe strange celerity of forming ranks 
the slender bugle note;
The sound of horses' hoofs departingsaddles, arms, accoutre
ments.


                                




TO THE SUNSET BREEZE.

AH, whispering, something again, unseen,
Where late this heated day thou enterest at my window, door,
Thou, laving, tempering all, coolfreshing, gently vitalizing
Me, old, alone, sick, weakdown, meltedworn with sweat;
Thou, nestling, folding close and firm yet soft, companion bet
ter than talk, book, art,
(Thou hast, O Nature! elements! utterance to my heart beyond 
the restand this is of them,)
So sweet thy primitive taste to breathe withinthy soothing 
fingers on my face and hands,
Thou, messengermagical strange bringer to body and spirit of 
me,
(Distances balk'doccult medicines penetrating me from head 
to foot,)
I feel the sky, the prairies vastI feel the mighty northern 
lakes,
I feel the ocean and the forestsomehow I feel the globe itself 
swiftswimming in space;
Thou blown from lips so loved, now gonehaply from endless 
store, Godsent,
(For thou art spiritual, Godly, most of all known to my 
sense,)
Minister to speak to me, here and now, what word has never 
told, and cannot tell,
Art thou not universal concrete's distillation? Law's, all As
tronomy's last refinement?
Hast thou no soul? Can I not know, identify thee?


OLD CHANTS.

AN ancient song, reciting, ending,
Once gazing toward thee, Mother of All,
Musing, seeking themes fitted for thee,
Accept for me, thou saidst, the elder ballads,
And name for me before thou goest each ancient poet.

(Of many debts incalculable,
Haply our New World's chieftest debt is to old poems.)

Ever so far back, preluding thee, America,
Old chants, Egyptian priests, and those of Ethiopia,
The Hindu epics, the Grecian, Chinese, Persian,
The Biblic books and prophets, and deep idyls of the Naza
rene,


                                      



The Iliad, Odyssey, plots, doings, wanderings of Eneas,
Hesiod, Eschylus, Sophocles, Merlin, Arthur,
The Cid, Roland at Roncesvalles, the Nibelungen,
The troubadours, minstrels, minnesingers, skalds,
Chaucer, Dante, flocks of singing birds,
The Border Minstrelsy, the byegone ballads, feudal tales, essays, 
plays,
Shakspere, Schiller, Walter Scott, Tennyson,
As some vast wondrous weird dreampresences,
The great shadowy groups gathering around,
Darting their mighty masterful eyes forward at thee,
Thou! with as now thy bending neck and head, with courteous 
hand and word, ascending,
Thou! pausing a moment, drooping thine eyes upon them, blent 
with their music,
Well pleased, accepting all, curiously prepared for by them,
Thou enterest at thy entrance porch.


A CHRISTMAS GREETING.
From a Northern StarGroup to a Southern. '.

WELCOME, Brazilian brotherthy ample place is ready;
A loving handa smile from the northa sunny instant hail!
(Let the future care for itself, where it reveals its troubles, im
pedimentas,
Ours, ours the present throe, the democratic aim, the acceptance 
and the faith;)
To thee today our reaching arm, our turning neckto thee 
from us the expectant eye,
Thou cluster free! thou brilliant lustrous one! thou, learning well,
The true lesson of a nation's light in the sky,
(More shining than the Cross, more than the Crown,)
The height to be superb humanity.


SOUNDS OF THE WINTER.

SOUNDS of the winter too,
Sunshine upon the mountainsmany a distant strain
From cheery railroad trainfrom nearer field, barn, house,
The whispering aireven the mute crops, garner'd apples, corn,
Children's and women's tonesrhythm of many a farmer and 
of flail,
An old man's garrulous lips among the rest, Think not we give 
out yet,
Forth from these snowy hairs we keep up yet the lilt.



                                      




A TWILIGHT SONG.

AS I sit in twilight late alone by the flickering oakflame,
Musing on longpass'd warscenesof the countless buried un
known soldiers,
Of the vacant names, as unindented air's and sea'sthe un
return'd,
The brief truce after battle, with grim burialsquads, and the 
deepfill'd trenches
Of gather'd dead from all America, North, South, East, West, 
whence they came up,
From wooded Maine, NewEngland's farms, from fertile Penn
sylvania, Illinois, Ohio,
From the measureless West, Virginia, the South, the Carolinas, 
Texas,
(Even here in my roomshadows and halflights in the noiseless 
flickering flames,
Again I see the stalwart ranks onfiling, risingI hear the 
rhythmic tramp of the armies;)
You million unwrit names all, allyou dark bequest from all the 
war,
A special verse for youa flash of duty long neglectedyour 
mystic roll strangely gather'd here,
Each name recall'd by me from out the darkness and death's 
ashes,
Henceforth to be, deep, deep within my heart recording, for 
many a future year,
Your mystic roll entire of unknown names, or North or 
South,
Embalm'd with love in this twilight song.


WHEN THE FULLGROWN POET CAME.

WHEN the fullgrown poet came,
Out spake pleased Nature (the round impassive globe, with all 
its shows of day and night,) saying, He is mine;
But out spake too the Soul of man, proud, jealous and unrec
onciled, Nay, he is mine alone;
Then the fullgrown poet stood between the two, and took 
each by the hand;
And today and ever so stands, as blender, uniter, tightly hold
ing hands,
Which he will never release until he reconciles the two,
And wholly and joyously blends them.



                                      




OSCEOLA.

When I was nearly grown to manhood in Brooklyn, New York, (middle of ,) I met one of the return'd U. S. Marines from Fort Moultrie, S. C., and had long talks with himlearn'd the occurrence below describeddeath of Osceola. The latter was a young, brave, leading Seminole in the Florida war of that timewas surrender'd to our troops, imprison'd and literally died of "a broken heart," at Fort Moultrie. He sicken'd of his confinementthe doctor and officers made every allowance and kindness possible for him; then the close:

WHEN his hour for death had come,
He slowly rais'd himself from the bed on the floor,
Drew on his wardress, shirt, leggings, and girdled the belt 
around his waist,
Call'd for vermilion paint (his lookingglass was held before 
him,)
Painted half his face and neck, his wrists, and backhands.
Put the scalpknife carefully in his beltthen lying down, resting 
a moment,
Rose again, half sitting, smiled, gave in silence his extended 
hand to each and all,
Sank faintly low to the floor (tightly grasping the tomahawk 
handle,)
Fix'd his look on wife and little childrenthe last:
(And here a line in memory of his name and death.)


A VOICE FROM DEATH.
(The Johnstown, Penn., cataclysm, May , .)

A VOICE from Death, solemn and strange, in all his sweep and 
power,
With sudden, indescribable blowtowns drown'dhumanity by 
thousands slain,
The vaunted work of thrift, goods, dwellings, forge, street, iron 
bridge,
Dash'd pellmell by the blowyet usher'd life continuing on,
(Amid the rest, amid the rushing, whirling, wild debris,
A suffering woman saveda baby safely born!)

Although I come and unannounc'd, in horror and in pang,
In pouring flood and fire, and wholesale elemental crash, (this 
voice so solemn, strange,)
I too a minister of Deity.

Yea, Death, we bow our faces, veil our eyes to thee,
We mourn the old, the young untimely drawn to thee,
The fair, the strong, the good, the capable,


                                      



The household wreck'd, the husband and the wife, the engulf'd 
forger in his forge,
The corpses in the whelming waters and the mud,
The gather'd thousands to their funeral mounds, and thousands 
never found or gather'd.

Then after burying, mourning the dead,
(Faithful to them found or unfound, forgetting not, bearing the 
past, here new musing,)
A daya passing moment or an hourAmerica itself bends low,
Silent, resign'd, submissive.

War, death, cataclysm like this, America,
Take deep to thy proud prosperous heart.

E'en as I chant, lo! out of death, and out of ooze and slime,
The blossoms rapidly blooming, sympathy, help, love,
From West and East, from South and North and over sea,
Its hotspurr'd hearts and hands humanity to human aid moves on;
And from within a thought and lesson yet.

Thou everdarting Globe! through Space and Air!
Thou waters that encompass us!
Thou that in all the life and death of us, in action or in sleep!
Thou laws invisible that permeate them and all,
Thou that in all, and over all, and through and under all, 
incessant!
Thou! thou! the vital, universal, giant force resistless, sleepless, 
calm,
Holding Humanity as in thy open hand, as some ephemeral toy,
How ill to e'er forget thee!

For I too have forgotten,
(Wrapt in these little potencies of progress, politics, culture, 
wealth, inventions, civilization,)
Have lost my recognition of your silent everswaying power, 
ye mighty, elemental throes,
In which and upon which we float, and every one of us is 
buoy'd.


A PERSIAN LESSON.

FOR his o'erarching and last lesson the greybeard sufi,
In the fresh scent of the morning in the open air,
On the slope of a teeming Persian rosegarden,
Under an ancient chestnuttree wide spreading its branches,
Spoke to the young priests and students.



                                      



"Finally my children, to envelop each word, each part of the 
rest,
Allah is all, all, allis immanent in every life and object,
Maybe at many and manyamore removesyet Allah, Allah, 
Allah is there.

"Has the estray wander'd far? Is the reasonwhy strangely 
hidden?
Would you sound below the restless ocean of the entire world?
Would you know the dissatisfaction? the urge and spur of every 
life;
The something never still'dnever entirely gone? the invisible 
need of every seed?

"It is the central urge in every atom,
(Often unconscious, often evil, downfallen,)
To return to its divine source and origin, however distant,
Latent the same in subject and in object, without one exception."


THE COMMONPLACE.

THE commonplace I sing;
How cheap is health! how cheap nobility!
Abstinence, no falsehood, no gluttony, lust;
The open air I sing, freedom, toleration,
(Take here the mainest lessonless from booksless from the 
schools,)
The common day and nightthe common earth and waters,
Your farmyour work, trade, occupation,
The democratic wisdom underneath, like solid ground for all.


"THE ROUNDED CATALOGUE DIVINE COMPLETE."

Sunday,  .Went this forenoon to church. A college professor, Rev. Dr., gave us a fine sermon, during which I caught the above words; but the minister included in his "rounded catalogue" letter and spirit, only the esthetic things, and entirely ignored what I name in the following:

The devilish and the dark, the dying and diseas'd,
The countless (nineteentwentieths) low and evil, crude and 
savage,
The crazed, prisoners in jail, the horrible, rank, malignant,
Venom and filth, serpents, the ravenous sharks, liars, the disso
lute;
(What is the part the wicked and the loathesome bear within 
earth's orbic scheme?)
Newts, crawling things in slime and mud, poisons,
The barren soil, the evil men, the slag and hideous rot.



                                      




MIRAGES. 

(Noted verbatim after a suppertalk out doors in Nevada with two old miners.)

MORE experiences and sights, stranger, than you'd think for;
Times again, now mostly just after sunrise or before sunset,
Sometimes in spring, oftener in autumn, perfectly clear weather, 
in plain sight,
Camps far or near, the crowded streets of cities and the shop
fronts,
(Account for it or notcredit or notit is all true,
And my mate there could tell you the likewe have often con
fab'd about it,)
People and scenes, animals, trees, colors and lines, plain as could 
be,
Farms and dooryards of home, paths border'd with box, lilacs 
in corners,
Weddings in churches, thanksgiving dinners, returns of long
absent sons,
Glum funerals, the crapeveil'd mother and the daughters,
Trials in courts, jury and judge, the accused in the box,
Contestants, battles, crowds, bridges, wharves,
Now and then mark'd faces of sorrow or joy,
(I could pick them out this moment if I saw them again,)
Show'd to me just aloft to the right in the skyedge,
Or plainly there to the left on the hilltops.


L. OF G.'S PURPORT.

NOT to exclude or demarcate, or pick out evils from their formid
able masses (even to expose them,)
But add, fuse, complete, extendand celebrate the immortal and 
the good.

Haughty this song, its words and scope,
To span vast realms of space and time,
Evolutionthe cumulativegrowths and generations.

Begun in ripen'd youth and steadily pursued,
Wandering, peering, dallying with allwar, peace, day and 
night absorbing,
Never even for one brief hour abandoning my task,
I end it here in sickness, poverty, and old age.

I sing of life, yet mind me well of death:
Today shadowy Death dogs my steps, my seated shape, and 
has for years
Draws sometimes close to me, as face to face.



                                      




THE UNEXPRESS'D.

HOW dare one say it?
After the cycles, poems, singers, plays,
Vaunted Ionia's, India'sHomer, Shaksperethe long, long 
times' thick dotted roads, areas,
The shining clusters and the Milky Ways of starsNature's 
pulses reap'd,
All retrospective passions, heroes, war, love, adoration,
All ages' plummets dropt to their utmost depths,
All human lives, throats, wishes, brainsall experiences' utter
ance;
After the countless songs, or long or short, all tongues, all lands,
Still something not yet told in poesy's voice or printsomething 
lacking,
(Who knows? the best yet unexpress'd and lacking.)


GRAND IS THE SEEN.

GRAND is the seen, the light, to megrand are the sky and 
stars,
Grand is the earth, and grand are lasting time and space,
And grand their laws, so multiform, puzzling, evolutionary;
But grander far the unseen soul of me, comprehending, endow
ing all those,
Lighting the light, the sky and stars, delving the earth, sailing 
the sea,
(What were all those, indeed, without thee, unseen soul? of 
what amount without thee?)
More evolutionary, vast, puzzling, O my soul!
More multiform farmore lasting thou than they.


UNSEEN BUDS.

UNSEEN buds, infinite, hidden well,
Under the snow and ice, under the darkness, in every square or 
cubic inch,
Germinal, exquisite, in delicate lace, microscopic, unborn,
Like babes in wombs, latent, folded, compact, sleeping;
Billions of billions, and trillions of trillions of them waiting,
(On earth and in the seathe universethe stars there in the 
heavens,)
Urging slowly, surely forward, forming endless,
And waiting ever more, forever more behind.



                                      




GOODBYE MY FANCY!

GOODBYE my Fancy!
Farewell dear mate, dear love!
I'm going away, I know not where,
Or to what fortune, or whether I may ever see you again,
So Goodbye my Fancy.

Now for my lastlet me look back a moment;
The slower fainter ticking of the clock is in me,
Exit, nightfall, and soon the heartthud stopping.

Long have we lived, joy'd, caress'd together;
Delightful!now separationGoodbye my Fancy.

Yet let me not be too hasty,
Long indeed have we lived, slept, filter'd, become really blended 
into one;
Then if we die we die together, (yes, we'll remain one,)
If we go anywhere we'll go together to meet what happens,
Maybe we'll be better off and blither, and learn something,
Maybe it is yourself now really ushering me to the true songs, 
(who knows?)
Maybe it is you the mortal knob really undoing, turningso 
now finally,
Goodbyeand hail! my Fancy.


                          
                           THE BALLAD OF READING GAOL
        He did not wear his scarlet coat,
          For blood and wine are red,
        And blood and wine were on his hands
          When they found him with the dead,
        The poor dead woman whom he loved,
          And murdered in her bed.

        He walked amongst the Trial Men
          In a suit of shabby gray;
        A cricket cap was on his head,
          And his step seemed light and gay;
        But I never saw a man who looked
          So wistfully at the day.

        I never saw a man who looked
          With such a wistful eye
        Upon that little tent of blue
          Which prisoners call the sky,
        And at every drifting cloud that went
          With sails of silver by.

        I walked, with other souls in pain,
          Within another ring,
        And was wondering if the man had done
          A great or little thing,
        When a voice behind me whispered low,
          "That fellow's got to swing."

        Dear Christ! the very prison walls
          Suddenly seemed to reel,
        And the sky above my head became
          Like a casque of scorching steel;
        And, though I was a soul in pain,
          My pain I could not feel.

        I only knew what haunted thought
          Quickened his step, and why
        He looked upon the garish day
          With such a wistful eye;
        The man had killed the thing he loved,
          And so he had to die.

        Yet each man kills the thing he loves,
          By each let this be heard,
        Some do it with a bitter look,
          Some with a flattering word,
        The coward does it with a kiss,
          The brave man with a sword!

        Some kill their love when they are young,
          And some when they are old;
        Some strangle with the hands of Lust,
          Some with the hands of Gold:
        The kindest use a knife, because
          The dead so soon grow cold.

        Some love too little, some too long,
          Some sell, and others buy;
        Some do the deed with many tears,
          And some without a sigh:
        For each man kills the thing he loves,
          Yet each man does not die.

        He does not die a death of shame
          On a day of dark disgrace,
        Nor have a noose about his neck,
          Nor a cloth upon his face,
        Nor drop feet foremost through the floor
          Into an empty space.

        He does not sit with silent men
          Who watch him night and day;
        Who watch him when he tries to weep,
          And when he tries to pray;
        Who watch him lest himself should rob
          The prison of its prey.

        He does not wake at dawn to see
          Dread figures throng his room,
        The shivering Chaplain robed in white,
          The Sheriff stern with gloom,
        And the Governor all in shiny black,
          With the yellow face of Doom.

        He does not rise in piteous haste
          To put on convict-clothes,
        While some coarse-mouthed Doctor gloats, and notes
          Each new and nerve-twitched pose,
        Fingering a watch whose little ticks
          Are like horrible hammer-blows.

        He does not feel that sickening thirst
          That sands one's throat, before
        The hangman with his gardener's gloves
          Comes through the padded door,
        And binds one with three leathern thongs,
        That the throat may thirst no more.

        He does not bend his head to hear
          The Burial Office read,
        Nor, while the anguish of his soul
          Tells him he is not dead,
        Cross his own coffin, as he moves
          Into the hideous shed.

        He does not stare upon the air
          Through a little roof of glass:
        He does not pray with lips of clay
          For his agony to pass;
        Nor feel upon his shuddering cheek
          The kiss of Caiaphas.
                        II

        Six weeks the guardsman walked the yard,
          In the suit of shabby gray:
        His cricket cap was on his head,
          And his step was light and gay,
        But I never saw a man who looked
          So wistfully at the day.

        I never saw a man who looked
          With such a wistful eye
        Upon that little tent of blue
          Which prisoners call the sky,
        And at every wandering cloud that trailed
          Its ravelled fleeces by.

        He did not wring his hands, as do
          Those witless men who dare
        To try to rear the changeling Hope
          In the cave of black Despair:
        He only looked upon the sun,
          And drank the morning air.

        He did not wring his hands nor weep,
          Nor did he peek or pine,
        But he drank the air as though it held
          Some healthful anodyne;
        With open mouth he drank the sun
          As though it had been wine!

        And I and all the souls in pain,
          Who tramped the other ring,
        Forgot if we ourselves had done
          A great or little thing,
        And watched with gaze of dull amaze
          The man who had to swing.

        For strange it was to see him pass
          With a step so light and gay,
        And strange it was to see him look
          So wistfully at the day,
        And strange it was to think that he
          Had such a debt to pay.

        The oak and elm have pleasant leaves
          That in the spring-time shoot:
        But grim to see is the gallows-tree,
          With its alder-bitten root,
        And, green or dry, a man must die
          Before it bears its fruit!

        The loftiest place is the seat of grace
          For which all worldlings try:
        But who would stand in hempen band
          Upon a scaffold high,
        And through a murderer's collar take
          His last look at the sky?

        It is sweet to dance to violins
          When Love and Life are fair:
        To dance to flutes, to dance to lutes
          Is delicate and rare:
        But it is not sweet with nimble feet
          To dance upon the air!

        So with curious eyes and sick surmise
          We watched him day by day,
        And wondered if each one of us
          Would end the self-same way,
        For none can tell to what red Hell
          His sightless soul may stray.

        At last the dead man walked no more
          Amongst the Trial Men,
        And I knew that he was standing up
          In the black dock's dreadful pen,
        And that never would I see his face
          For weal or woe again.

        Like two doomed ships that pass in storm
          We had crossed each other's way:
        But we made no sign, we said no word,
          We had no word to say;
        For we did not meet in the holy night,
          But in the shameful day.

        A prison wall was round us both,
          Two outcast men we were:
        The world had thrust us from its heart,
          And God from out His care:
        And the iron gin that waits for Sin
          Had caught us in its snare.
                       III

        In Debtors' Yard the stones are hard,
          And the dripping wall is high,
        So it was there he took the air
          Beneath the leaden sky,
        And by each side a warder walked,
          For fear the man might die.

        Or else he sat with those who watched
          His anguish night and day;
        Who watched him when he rose to weep,
          And when he crouched to pray;
        Who watched him lest himself should rob
          Their scaffold of its prey.

        The Governor was strong upon
          The Regulations Act:
        The Doctor said that Death was but
          A scientific fact:
        And twice a day the Chaplain called,
          And left a little tract.

        And twice a day he smoked his pipe,
          And drank his quart of beer:
        His soul was resolute, and held
          No hiding-place for fear;
        He often said that he was glad
          The hangman's day was near.

        But why he said so strange a thing
          No warder dared to ask:
        For he to whom a watcher's doom
          Is given as his task,
        Must set a lock upon his lips,
          And make his face a mask.

        Or else he might be moved, and try
          To comfort or console:
        And what should Human Pity do
          Pent up in Murderers' Hole?
        What word of grace in such a place
          Could help a brother's soul?

        With slouch and swing around the ring
          We trod the Fools' Parade!
        We did not care: we knew we were
          The Devils' Own Brigade:
        And shaven head and feet of lead
          Make a merry masquerade.

        We tore the tarry rope to shreds
          With blunt and bleeding nails;
        We rubbed the doors, and scrubbed the floors,
          And cleaned the shining rails:
        And, rank by rank, we soaped the plank,
          And clattered with the pails.

        We sewed the sacks, we broke the stones,
          We turned the dusty drill:
        We banged the tins, and bawled the hymns,
          And sweated on the mill:
        But in the heart of every man
          Terror was lying still.

        So still it lay that every day
          Crawled like a weed-clogged wave:
        And we forgot the bitter lot
          That waits for fool and knave,
        Till once, as we tramped in from work,
          We passed an open grave.

        With yawning mouth the horrid hole
          Gaped for a living thing;
        The very mud cried out for blood
          To the thirsty asphalte ring:
        And we knew that ere one dawn grew fair
          The fellow had to swing.

        Right in we went, with soul intent
          On Death and Dread and Doom:
        The hangman, with his little bag,
          Went shuffling through the gloom:
        And I trembled as I groped my way
          Into my numbered tomb.

        That night the empty corridors
          Were full of forms of Fear,
        And up and down the iron town
          Stole feet we could not hear,
        And through the bars that hide the stars
          White faces seemed to peer.

        He lay as one who lies and dreams
          In a pleasant meadow-land,
        The watchers watched him as he slept,
          And could not understand
        How one could sleep so sweet a sleep
          With a hangman close at hand.

        But there is no sleep when men must weep
          Who never yet have wept:
        So we- the fool, the fraud, the knave-
          That endless vigil kept,
        And through each brain on hands of pain
          Another's terror crept.

        Alas! it is a fearful thing
          To feel another's guilt!
        For, right within, the sword of Sin
          Pierced to its poisoned hilt,
        And as molten lead were the tears we shed
          For the blood we had not spilt.

        The warders with their shoes of felt
          Crept by each padlocked door,
        And peeped and saw, with eyes of awe,
          Gray figures on the floor,
        And wondered why men knelt to pray
          Who never prayed before.

        All through the night we knelt and prayed,
          Mad mourners of a corse!
        The troubled plumes of midnight shook
          Like the plumes upon a hearse:
        And as bitter wine upon a sponge
          Was the savour of Remorse.

        The gray cock crew, the red cock crew,
          But never came the day:
        And crooked shapes of Terror crouched,
          In the corners where we lay:
        And each evil sprite that walks by night
          Before us seemed to play.

        They glided past, the glided fast,
          Like travellers through a mist:
        They mocked the moon in a rigadoon
          Of delicate turn and twist,
        And with formal pace and loathsome grace
          The phantoms kept their tryst.

        With mop and mow, we saw them go,
          Slim shadows hand in hand:
        About, about, in ghostly rout
          They trod a saraband:
        And the damned grotesques made arabesques,
          Like the wind upon the sand!

        With the pirouettes of marionettes,
          They tripped on pointed tread:
        But with flutes of Fear they filled the ear,
          As their grisly masque they led,
        And loud they sang, and long they sang,
          For they sang to wake the dead.

        "Oho!" they cried, "the world is wide,
          But fettered limbs go lame!
        And once, or twice, to throw the dice
          Is a gentlemanly game,
        But he does not win who plays with Sin
          In the secret House of Shame."

        No things of air these antics were,
          That frolicked with such glee:
        To men whose lives were held in gyves,
          And whose feet might not go free,
        Ah! wounds of Christ! they were living things,
          Most terrible to see.

        Around, around, they waltzed and wound;
          Some wheeled in smirking pairs;
        With the mincing step of a demirep
          Some sidled up the stairs:
        And with subtle sneer, and fawning leer,
          Each helped us at our prayers.

        The morning wind began to moan,
          But still the night went on:
        Through its giant loom the web of gloom
          Crept till each thread was spun:
        And, as we prayed, we grew afraid
          Of the Justice of the Sun.

        The moaning wind went wandering round
          The weeping prison wall:
        Till like a wheel of turning steel
          We felt the minutes crawl:
        O moaning wind! what had we done
          To have such a seneschal?

        At last I saw the shadowed bars,
          Like a lattice wrought in lead,
        Move right across the whitewashed wall
          That faced my three-plank bed,
        And I knew that somewhere in the world
          God's dreadful dawn was red.

        At six o'clock we cleaned our cells,
          At seven all was still,
        But the sough and swing of a mighty wing
          The prison seemed to fill,
        For the Lord of Death with icy breath
          Had entered in to kill.

        He did not pass in purple pomp,
          Nor ride a moon-white steed.
        Three yards of cord and a sliding board
          Are all the gallows' need:
        So with rope of shame the Herald came
          To do the secret deed.

        We were as men who through a fen
          Of filthy darkness grope:
        We did not dare to breathe a prayer,
          Or to give our anguish scope:
        Something was dead in each of us,
          And what was dead was Hope.

        For Man's grim Justice goes its way
          And will not swerve aside:
        It slays the weak, it slays the strong,
          It has a deadly stride:
        With iron heel it slays the strong
          The monstrous parricide!

        We waited for the stroke of eight:
          Each tongue was thick with thirst:
        For the stroke of eight is the stroke of Fate
          That makes a man accursed,
        And Fate will use a running noose
          For the best man and the worst.

        We had no other thing to do,
          Save to wait for the sign to come:
        So, like things of stone in a valley lone,
          Quiet we sat and dumb:
        But each man's heart beat thick and quick,
          Like a madman on a drum!

        With sudden shock the prison-clock
          Smote on the shivering air,
        And from all the gaol rose up a wail
          Of impotent despair,
        Like the sound the frightened marshes hear
          From some leper in his lair.

        And as one sees most fearful things
          In the crystal of a dream,
        We saw the greasy hempen rope
          Hooked to the blackened beam,
        And heard the prayer the hangman's snare
          Strangled into a scream.

        And all the woe that moved him so
          That he gave that bitter cry,
        And the wild regrets, and the bloody sweats,
          None knew so well as I:
        For he who lives more lives than one
          More deaths that one must die.
                        IV

        There is no chapel on the day
          On which they hang a man:
        The Chaplain's heart is far too sick,
          Or his face is far too wan,
        Or there is that written in his eyes
          Which none should look upon.

        So they kept us close till nigh on noon,
          And then they rang the bell,
        And the warders with their jingling keys
          Opened each listening cell,
        And down the iron stair we tramped,
          Each from his separate Hell.

        Out into God's sweet air we went,
          But not in wonted way,
        For this man's face was white with fear,
          And that man's face was gray,
        And I never saw sad men who looked
          So wistfully at the day.

        I never saw sad men who looked
          With such a wistful eye
        Upon that little tent of blue
          We prisoners called the sky,
        And at every happy cloud that passed
          In such strange freedom by.

        But there were those amongst us all
          Who walked with downcast head,
        And knew that, had each got his due,
          They should have died instead:
        He had but killed a thing that lived,
          Whilst they had killed the dead.

        For he who sins a second time
          Wakes a dead soul to pain,
        And draws it from its spotted shroud
          And makes it bleed again,
        And makes it bleed great gouts of blood,
          And makes it bleed in vain!

        Like ape or clown, in monstrous garb
          With crooked arrows starred,
        Silently we went round and round
          The slippery asphalte yard;
        Silently we went round and round,
          And no man spoke a word.

        Silently we went round and round,
          And through each hollow mind
        The Memory of dreadful things
          Rushed like a dreadful wind,
        And Horror stalked before each man,
          And Terror crept behind.

        The warders strutted up and down,
          And watched their herd of brutes,
        Their uniforms were spick and span,
          And they wore their Sunday suits,
        But we knew the work they had been at,
          By the quicklime on their boots.

        For where a grave had opened wide,
          There was no grave at all:
        Only a stretch of mud and sand
          By the hideous prison-wall,
        And a little heap of burning lime,
          That the man should have his pall.

        For he has a pall, this wretched man,
          Such as few men can claim:
        Deep down below a prison-yard,
          Naked, for greater shame,
        He lies, with fetters on each foot,
          Wrapt in a sheet of flame!

        And all the while the burning lime
          Eats flesh and bone away,
        It eats the brittle bones by night,
          And the soft flesh by day,
        It eats the flesh and bone by turns,
          But it eats the heart alway.

        For three long years they will not sow
          Or root or seedling there:
        For three long years the unblessed spot
          Will sterile be and bare,
        And look upon the wondering sky
          With unreproachful stare.

        They think a murderer's heart would taint
          Each simple seed they sow.
        It is not true! God's kindly earth
          Is kindlier than men know,
        And the red rose would but glow more red,
          The white rose whiter blow.

        Out of his mouth a red, red rose!
          Out of his heart a white!
        For who can say by what strange way,
          Christ brings His will to light,
        Since the barren staff the pilgrim bore
          Bloomed in the great Pope's sight?

        But neither milk-white rose nor red
          May bloom in prison air;
        The shard, the pebble, and the flint,
          Are what they give us there:
        For flowers have been known to heal
          A common man's despair.

        So never will wine-red rose or white,
          Petal by petal, fall
        On that stretch of mud and sand that lies
          By the hideous prison-wall,
        To tell the men who tramp the yard
          That God's Son died for all.

        Yet though the hideous prison-wall
          Still hems him round and round,
        And a spirit may not walk by night
          That is with fetters bound,
        And a spirit may but weep that lies
          In such unholy ground,

        He is at peace- this wretched man-
          At peace, or will be soon:
        There is no thing to make him mad,
          Nor does Terror walk at noon,
        For the lampless Earth in which he lies
          Has neither Sun nor Moon.

        They hanged him as a beast is hanged:
          They did not even toll
        A requiem that might have brought
          Rest to his startled soul,
        But hurriedly they took him out,
          And hid him in a hole.

        The warders stripped him of his clothes,
          And gave him to the flies:
        They mocked the swollen purple throat,
          And the stark and staring eyes:
        And with laughter loud they heaped the shroud
          In which the convict lies.

        The Chaplain would not kneel to pray
          By his dishonoured grave:
        Nor mark it with that blessed Cross
          That Christ for sinners gave,
        Because the man was one of those
          Whom Christ came down to save.

        Yet all is well; he has but passed
          To  Life's appointed bourne:
        And alien tears will fill for him
          Pity's long-broken urn,
        For his mourners be outcast men,
          And outcasts always mourn.
                        V

        I know not whether Laws be right,
          Or whether Laws be wrong;
        All that we know who lie in gaol
          Is that the wall is strong;
        And that each day is like a year,
          A year whose days are long.

        But this I know, that every Law
          That men have made for Man,
        Since first Man took His brother's life,
          And the sad world began,
        But straws the wheat and saves the chaff
          With a most evil fan.

        This too I know- and wise it were
          If each could know the same-
        That every prison that men build
          Is built with bricks of shame,
        And bound with bars lest Christ should see
          How men their brothers maim.

        With bars they blur the gracious moon,
          And blind the goodly sun:
        And the do well to hide their Hell,
          For in it things are done
        That Son of things nor son of Man
          Ever should look upon!

        The vilest deeds like poison weeds
          Bloom well in prison-air:
        It is only what is good in Man
          That wastes and withers there:
        Pale Anguish keeps the heavy gate,
          And the warder is Despair.

        For they starve the little frightened child
          Till it weeps both night and day:
        And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
          And gibe the old and gray,
        And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
          And none a word may say.

        Each narrow cell in which we dwell
          Is a foul and dark latrine,
        And the fetid breath of living Death
          Chokes up each grated screen,
        And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
          In Humanity's machine.

        The brackish water that we drink
          Creeps with a loathsome slime,
        And the bitter bread they weigh in scales
          Is full of chalk and lime,
        And Sleep will not lie down, but walks
          Wild-eyed, and cries to Time.

        But though lean Hunger and green Thirst
          Like asp with adder fight,
        We have little care of prison fare,
          For what chills and kills outright
        Is that every stone one lifts by day
          Becomes one's heart by night.

        With midnight always in one's heart,
          And twilight in one's cell,
        We turn the crank, or tear the rope,
          Each in his separate Hell,
        And the silence is more awful far
          Than the sound of a brazen bell.

        And never a human voice comes near
          To speak a gentle word:
        And the eye that watches through the door
          Is pitiless and hard:
        And by all forgot, we rot and rot,
          With soul and body marred.

        And thus we rust Life's iron chain
          Degraded and alone:
        And some men curse, and some men weep,
          And some men make no moan:
        But God's eternal Laws are kind
          And break the heart of stone.

        And every human heart that breaks,
          In prison-cell or yard,
        Is as that broken box that gave
          Its treasure to the Lord,
        And filled the unclean leper's house
          With the scent of costliest nard.

        Ah! happy they whose hearts can break
          And peace of pardon win!
        How else may man make straight his plan
          And cleanse his soul from Sin?
        How else but through a broken heart
          May Lord Christ enter in?

        And he of the swollen purple throat,
          And the stark and staring eyes,
        Waits for the holy hands that took
          The Thief to Paradise;
        And a broken and a contrite heart
          The Lord will not despise.

        The man in red who reads the Law
          Gave him three weeks of life,
        Three little weeks in which to heal
          His soul of his soul's strife,
        And cleanse from every blot of blood
          The hand that held the knife.

        And with tears of blood he cleansed the hand,
          The hand that held the steel:
        For only blood can wipe out blood,
          And only tears can heal:
        And the crimson stain that was of Cain
          Became Christ's snow-white seal.
                        VI

        In Reading gaol by Reading town
          There is a pit of shame,
        And in it lies a wretched man
          Eaten by teeth of flame,
        In a burning winding-sheet he lies,
          And his grave has got no name.

        And there, till Christ call forth the dead,
          In silence let him lie:
        No need to waste the foolish tear,
          Or heave the windy sigh:
        The man had killed the thing he loved,
          And so he had to die.

        And all men kill the thing they love,
          By all let this be heard,
        Some do it with a bitter look,
          Some with a flattering word,
        The coward does it with a kiss,
          The brave man with a sword!                               THE BURDEN OF ITYS
    This English Thames is holier far than Rome,
      Those harebells like a sudden flush of sea
    Breaking across the woodland, with the foam
      Of meadow-sweet and white anemone
    To fleck their blue waves,- God is likelier there,
    Than hidden in that crystal-hearted star the pale
        monks bear!

    Those violet-gleaming butterflies that take
      Yon creamy lily for their pavilion
    Are monsignores, and where the rushes shake
      A lazy pike lies basking in the sun
    His eyes half-shut,- He is some mitred old
    Bishop in partibus! look at those gaudy scales
        all green and gold!

    The wind the restless prisoner of the trees
      Does well for Palaestrina, one would say
    The mighty master's hands were on the keys
      Of the Maria organ, which they play
    When early on some sapphire Easter morn
    In a high litter red as blood or sin the Pope
        is borne

    From his dark house out to the balcony
      Above the bronze gates and the crowded square,
    Whose very fountains seem for ecstasy
      To toss their silver lances in the air,
    And stretching out weak hands to East and West
    In vain sends peace to peaceless lands,
        to restless nations rest.

    Is not yon lingering orange afterglow
      That stays to vex moon more fair than all
    Rome's lordliest pageants! strange, a year ago
      I knelt before some crimson Cardinal
    Who bare the Host across the Esquiline,
    And now- those common poppies in the wheat seem
        twice as fine.

    The blue-green beanfields yonder, tremulous
      With the last shower, sweeter perfume bring
    Through this cool evening than the odorous
      Flame-jewelled censers the young deacons swing,
    When the gray priest unlocks the curtained shrine,
    And makes God's body from the common fruit of corn
        and vine.

    Poor Fra Giovanni bawling at the mass
      Were out of tune now, for a small brown bird
    Sings overhead, and through the long cool grass
      I see that throbbing throat which once I heard
    On starlit hills of flower-starred Arcady,
    Once where the white and crescent sand of Salamis
        meets the sea.

    Sweet is the swallow twittering on the eaves
      At daybreak, when the mower whets his scythe,
    And stock-doves murmur, and the milkmaid leaves
      Her little lonely bed, and carols blithe
    To see the heavy-lowing cattle wait
    Stretching their huge and dripping mouths across
        the farmyard gate.

    And sweet the hops upon the Kentish leas,
      And sweet the wind that lifts the new-mown hay,
    And sweet the fretful swarms of grumbling bees
      That round and round the linden blossoms play;
    And sweet the heifer breathing in the stall,
    And the green bursting figs that hang upon the
        red-brick wall.

    And sweet to hear the cuckoo mock the spring
      While the last violet loiters by the well,
    And sweet to hear the shepherd Daphnis sing
      The song of Linus through a sunny dell
    Of warm Arcadia where the corn is gold
    And the slight lithe-limbed reapers dance
        about the wattled fold

    And sweet with young Lycoris to recline
      In some Illyrian valley far away,
    Where canopied on herbs amaracine
      We too might waste the summer-tranced day
    Matching our reeds in sportive rivalry,
    While far beneath us frets the troubled
        purple of the sea.

    But sweeter far if silver-sandalled foot
      Of some long-hidden God should ever tread
    The Nuneham meadows, if with reeded flute
      Pressed to his lips some Faun might raise his head
    By the green water-flags, ah! sweet indeed
    To see the heavenly herdsman call his white-fleeced
        flock to feed.

    Then sing to me thou tuneful chorister,
      Though what thou sing'st be thine own requiem!
    Tell me thy tale thou hapless chronicler
      Of thine own tragedies! do not contemn
    These unfamiliar haunts, this English field,
    For many a lovely coronal our northern isle can yield,

    Which Grecian meadows know not, many a rose,
      Which all day long in vales Aeolian
    A lad might seek in vain for, overgrows
      Our hedges like a wanton courtesan
    Unthrifty of her beauty, lilies too
    Ilissus never mirrored star our streams,
        and cockles blue

    Dot the green wheat which, though they are the signs
      For swallows going south, would never spread
    Their azure tints between the Attic vines;
      Even that little weed of ragged red,
    Which bids the robin pipe, in Arcady
    Would be a trespasser, and many an unsung elegy.

    Sleeps in the reeds that fringe our winding Thames
      Which to awake were sweeter ravishment
    Than ever Syrinx wept for, diadems
      Of brown be-studded orchids which were meant
    For Cytheraea's brows are hidden here
    Unknown to Cytheraea, and by yonder pasturing steer

    There is a tiny yellow daffodil,
      The butterfly can see it from afar,
    Although one summer evening's dew could fill
      Its little cup twice over ere the star
    Had called the lazy shepherd to his fold
    And be no prodigal, each leaf is flecked
        with spotted gold

    As if Jove's gorgeous leman Danae
      Hot from his gilded arms had stooped to kiss
    The trembling petals, or young Mercury
      Low-flying to the dusky ford of Dis
    Had with one feather of his pinions
    Just brushed them!- the slight stem which bears
        the burdens of its suns

    Is hardly thicker than the gossamer,
      Or poor Arachne's silver tapestry,-
    Men say it bloomed upon the sepulchre
      Of One I sometime worshipped, but to me
    It seems to bring diviner memories
    Of faun-loved Heliconian glades and blue
        nymph-haunted seas,

    Of an untrodden vale at Tempe where
      On the clear river's marge Narcissus lies,
    The tangle of the forest in his hair,
      The silence of the woodland in his eyes,
    Wooing that drifting imagery which is
    No sooner kissed than broken, memories of Salmacis.

    Who is not boy or girl and yet is both,
      Fed by two fires and unsatisfied
    Through their excess, each passion being loath
      For love's own sake to leave the other's side,
    Yet killing love by staying, memories
    Of Oreads peeping through the leaves of silent
        moonlit trees.

    Of lonely Ariadne on the wharf
      At Naxos, when she saw the treacherous crew
    Far out at sea, and waved her crimson scarf
      And called the false Theseus back again nor knew
    That Dionysos on an amber pard
    Was close behind her: memories of what Maeonia's bard

    With sightless eyes beheld, the wall of Troy,
      Queen Helen lying in the carven room,
    And at her side an amorous red-lipped boy
      Trimming with dainty hand his helmet's plume,
    And far away the moil, the shout, the groan,
    As Hector shielded off the spear and Ajax hurled
        the stone;

    Of winged Perseus with his flawless sword
      Cleaving the snaky tresses of the witch,
    And all those tales imperishably stored
      In little Grecian urns, freightage more rich
    Than any gaudy galleon of Spain
    Bare from the Indies ever! these at least bring
        back again,

    For well I know they are not dead at all,
      The ancient Gods of Grecian poesy,
    They are asleep, and when they hear thee call
      Will wake and think 'tis very Thessaly,
    This Thames the Daulian waters, this cool glade
    The yellow-irised mead where once young Itys
        laughed and played.

    If it was thou dear jasmine-cradled bird
      Who from the leafy stillness of thy throne
    Sang to the wondrous boy, until he heard
      The horn of Atalanta faintly blown
    Across the Cumnor hills, and wandering
    Through Bagley wood at evening found the
        Attic poet's spring,-

    Ah! tiny  sober-suited advocate
      That pleadest for the moon against the day!
    If thou didst make the shepherd seek his mate
      On that sweet questing, when Proserpina
    Forgot it was not Sicily and leant
    Across the mossy Sandford stile in ravished
        wonderment,-

    Light-winged and bright-eyed miracle of the wood!
      If ever thou didst soothe with melody
    One of that little clan, that brotherhood
      Which loved the morning-star of Tuscany
    More than the perfect sun of Raphael,
    And is immortal, sing to me! for I too love thee well,

    Sing on! sing on! let the dull world grow young,
      Let elemental things take form again,
    And the old shapes of Beauty walk among
      The simple garths and open crofts, as when
    The son of Leto bare the willow rod,
    And the soft sheep and shaggy goats followed
        the boyish God.

    Sing on! sing on! and Bacchus will be here
      Astride upon his gorgeous Indian throne,
    And over whimpering tigers shake the spear
      With yellow ivy crowned and gummy cone,
    While at his side the wanton Bassarid
    Will throw the lion by the mane and catch
        the mountain kid!

    Sing on! and I will wear the leopard skin,
      And steal the mooned wings of Ashtaroth,
    Upon whose icy chariot we could win
      Cithaeron in an hour e'er the froth
    Has overbrimmed the wine-vat or the Faun
    Ceased from the treading! ay, before the
        flickering lamp of dawn

    Has scared the hooting owlet to its nest,
      And warned the bat to close its filmy vans,
    Some Maenad girl with vine-leaves on her breast
      Will filch their beechnuts from the sleeping Pans
    So softly that the little nested thrush
    Will never wake, and then with shrilly laugh and
        leap will rush

    Down the green valley where the fallen dew
      Lies thick beneath the elm and count her store,
    Till the brown Satyrs in a jolly crew
      Trample the loosestrife down along the shore,
    And where their horned master sits in state
    Bring strawberries and bloomy plums upon a wicker crate!

    Sing on! and soon with passion-wearied face
      Through the cool leaves Apollo's lad will come,
    The Tyrian prince his bristled boar will chase
      Adown the chestnut copses all a-bloom,
    And ivory-limbed, gray-eyed, with look of pride,
    After yon velvet-coated deer the virgin maid will ride.

    Sing on! and I the dying boy will, see
      Stain with his purple blood the waxen bell
    That overweighs the jacinth, and to me
      The wretched Cyprian her woe will tell,
    And I will kiss her mouth and streaming eyes,
    And lead her to the myrtle-hidden grove where
        Adon lies!

    Cry out aloud on Itys! memory
      That foster-brother of remorse and pain
    Drops poison in mine ear- O to be free,
      To burn one's old ships! and to launch again
    Into the white-plumed battle of the waves
    And fight old Proteus for the spoil of
        coral-flowered caves?

    O for Medea with her poppied spell!
      O for the secret of the Colchian shrine!
    O for one leaf of that pale asphodel
      Which binds the tired brows of Proserpine,
    And sheds such wondrous dews at eve that she
    Dreams of the fields of Enna, by the far Sicilian sea,

    Where oft the golden-girdled bee she chased
      From lily to lily on the level mead,
    Ere yet her sombre Lord had bid her taste
      The deadly fruit of that pomegranate seed,
    Ere the black steeds had harried her away
    Down to the faint and flowerless land, the sick
        and sunless day.

    O for one midnight and as paramour
      The Venus of the little Melian farm!
    O that some antique statue for one hour
      Might wake to passion, and that I could charm
    The Dawn at Florence from its dumb despair,
    Mix with those mighty limbs and make that giant
        breast my lair!

    Sing on! sing on! I would be drunk with life,
      Drunk with the trampled vintage of my youth,
    I would forget the wearying wasted strife,
      The riven vale, the Gorgon eyes of Truth,
    The prayerless vigil and the cry for prayer,
    The barren gifts, the lifted arms, the dull
        insensate air!

    Sing on! sing on! O feathered Niobe,
      Thou canst make sorrow beautiful, and steal
    From joy its sweetest music, not as we
      Who by dead voiceless silence strive to heal
    Our too untented wounds, and do but keep
    Pain barricaded in our hearts, and murder
        pillowed sleep.

    Sing louder yet, why must I still behold
      The wan white face of that deserted Christ,
    Whose bleeding hands my hands did once infold.
      Whose smitten lips my lips so oft have kissed,
    And now in mute and marble misery
    Sirs in His lone dishonored House and weeps,
        perchance for me.

    O memory cast down thy wreathed shell!
      Break thy hoarse lute O sad Melpomene!
    O sorrow, sorrow keep thy cloistered cell
      Nor dim with tears this limpid Castaly!
    Cease, cease, sad bird, thou dost the forest wrong
    To vex its sylvan quiet with such wild impassioned song!

    Cease, cease, or if 'tis anguish to be dumb
      Take from the pastoral thrush her simpler air,
    Whose jocund carelessness doth more become
      This English woodland than thy keen despair,
    Ah! cease and let the north wind bear thy lay
    Back to the rocky hills of Thrace, the stormy
        Daulian bay.

    A moment more, the startled leaves had stirred,
      Endymion would have passed across the mead
    Moonstruck with love, and this still Thames had heard
      Pan plash and paddle groping for some reed
    To lure from her blue cave that Naiad maid
    Who for such piping listens half in joy and half afraid.

    A moment more, the waking dove had cooed,
      The silver daughter of the silver sea
    With the fond gyves of clinging hands had wooed
      Her wanton from the chase, the Dryope
    Had thrust aside the branches of her oak
    To see the he lusty gold-haired lad rein in his
        snorting yoke.

    A moment more, the trees had stooped to kiss
      Pale Daphne just awakening from the swoon
    Of tremulous laurels, lonely Salmacis
      Had bared his barren beauty to the moon,
    And through the vale with sad voluptuous smile
    Antinous had wandered, the red lotus of the Nile.

    Down leaning the from his black and clustering hair
      To shade those slumberous eyelids' caverned bliss,
    Or else on yonder grassy slope with bare
      High-tuniced limbs unravished Artemis
    Had bade her hounds give tongue, and roused the deer
    From his green ambuscade with shrill hallo and pricking
        spear.

    Lie still, lie still, O passionate heart, lie still!
      O Melancholy, fold thy raven wing!
    O sobbing Dryad, from thy hollow hill
      Come not with such desponded answering!
    No more thou winged Marsyas complain,
    Apollo loveth not to hear such troubled
        songs of pain!

    It was a dream, the glade is tenantless,
      No soft Ionian laughter moves the air,
    The Thames creeps on in sluggish leadenness,
      And from the copse left desolate and bare
    Fled is young Bacchus with his revelry,
    Yet still from Nuneham wood there comes that
        thrilling melody

    So sad, that one might think a human heart
      Brake in each separate note, a quality
    Which music sometimes has, being the Art
      Which is most nigh to tears and memory,
    Poor mourning Philomel, what dost thou fear?
    Thy sister doth not haunt these fields, Pandion
        is not here,

    Here is no cruel Lord with murderous blade,
      No woven web of bloody heraldries,
    But mossy dells for roving comrades made,
      Warm valleys where the tired student lies
    With half-shut book, and many a winding walk
    Where rustic lovers stray at eve in happy simple talk.

    The harmless rabbit gambols with its young
      Across the trampled towing-path, where late
    A troop of laughing boys in jostling throng
      Cheered with their noisy cries the racing eight;
    The gossamer, with ravelled silver threads,
    Works at its little loom, and from the dusky
        red-caved sheds

    Of the lone Farm a flickering light shines out
      Where the swinked shepherd drives his bleating flock,
    Back to their wattled sheep-cotes, a faint shout
      Comes from some Oxford boat at Sandford lock,
    And starts the moor-hen from the sedgy rill,
    And the dim lengthening shadows flit like swallows
        up the hill.

    The heron passes homeward to the mere,
      The blue mist creeps among the shivering trees,
    Gold world by world the silent stars appear,
      And like a blossom blown before the breeze,
    A white moon drifts across the shimmering sky,
    Mute arbitress of all thy sad, thy rapturous threnody.

    She does not heed thee, wherefore should she heed,
      She knows Endymion is not far away,
    'Tis I, 'tis I, whose soul is as the reed
      Which has no message of its own to play,
    So pipes another's bidding, it is I,
    Drifting with every wind on the wide sea of misery.

    Ah! the brown bird has ceased: one exquisite trill
      About the sombre woodland seems to cling,
    Dying in music, else the air is still,
      So still that one might hear the bat's small wing
    Wander and wheel above the pines, or tell
    Each tiny dewdrop dripping from the, bluebell's
        brimming cell.

    And far across the lengthening wold,
      Across the willowy flats and thickets brown,
    Magdalen's tall tower tipped with tremulous gold
      Marks the long High Street of the little town,
    And warns me to return; I must not wait,
    Hark! 'tis the curfew booming from the bell of
        Christ Church Gate.    He was a Grecian lad, who coming home
      With pulpy figs and wine from Sicily
    Stood at his galley's prow, and let the foam
      Blow through his crisp brown curls unconsciously,
    And holding wind and wave in boy's despite
    Peered from his dripping seat across the wet and
        stormy night.

    Till with the dawn he saw a burnished spear
      Like a thin thread of gold against the sky,
    And hoisted sail, and strained the creeking gear,
      And bade the pilot head her lustily
    Against the nor-west gale, and all day long
    Held on his way, and marked the rowers' time with
        measured song.

    And when the faint Corinthian hills were red
      Dropped anchor in a little sandy bay,
    And with fresh boughs of olive crowned his head,
      And brushed from cheek and throat the hoary spray,
    And washed his limbs with oil, and from the hold
    Brought out his linen tunic and his sandals
        brazen-soled.

    And a rich robe stained with the fishes' juice
      Which of some swarthy trader he had bought
    Upon the sunny quay at Syracuse,
      And was with Tyrian broideries inwrought,
    And by the questioning merchants made his way
    Up through the soft and silver woods, and when the
        laboring day

    Had spun its tangled web of crimson cloud,
      Clomb the high hill, and with swift silent feet
    Crept to the fane unnoticed by the crowd
      Of busy priests, and from some dark retreat
    Watched the young swains his frolic playmates bring
    The firstling of their little flock, and the shy
        shepherd fling

    The crackling salt upon the flame, or hang
      His studded crook against the temple wall
    To Her who keeps away the ravenous fang
      Of the base wolf from homestead and from stall;
    And then the clear-voiced maidens 'gan to sing,
    And to the altar each man brought some goodly
        offering,

    A beechen cup brimming with milky foam,
      A fair cloth wrought with cunning imagery
    Of hounds in chase, a waxen honeycomb
      Dripping with oozy gold which scarce the bee
    Had ceased from building, a black skin of oil
    Meet for the wrestlers, a great boar the fierce
         and white-tusked spoil

    Stolen from Artemis that jealous maid
      To please Athena, and the dappled hide
    Of a tall stag who in some mountain glade
      Had met the shaft; and then the herald cried,
    And from the pillared precinct one by one
    Went the glad Greeks well pleased that they their
        simple vows had done.

    And the old priest put out the waning fires
      Save that one lamp whose restless ruby glowed
    For ever in the cell, and the shrill lyres
      Came fainter on the wind, as down the road
    In joyous dance these country folk did pass,
    And with stout hands the warder closed the gates
        of polished brass.

    Long time he lay and hardly dared to breathe,
      And heard the cadenced drip of spilt-out wine,
    And the rose-petals falling from the wreath
      As the night breezes wandered through the shrine,
    And seemed to be in some entranced swoon
    Till through the open roof above the full and
        brimming moon

    Flooded with sheeny waves the marble floor,
      When from his nook upleapt the venturous lad,
    And flinging wide the cedar-carven door
      Beheld an awful image saffron-clad
    And armed for battle! the gaunt Griffin glared
    From the huge helm, and the long lance of wreck and
        ruin flared

    Like a red rod of flame, stony and steeled
      The Gorgon's head its leaden eyeballs rolled,
    And writhed its snaky horrors through the shield,
      And gaped aghast with bloodless lips and cold
    In passion impotent, while with blind gaze
    The blinking owl between the feet hooted in shrill
        amaze.

    The lonely fisher as he trimmed his lamp
      Far out at sea off Sunium, or cast
    The net for tunnies, heard a brazen tramp
      Of horses smite the waves, and a wild blast
    Divide the folded curtains of the night,
    And knelt upon the little poop, and prayed in
        holy fright.

    And guilty lovers in their venery
      Forgat a little while their stolen sweets,
    Deeming they heard dread Dian's bitter cry;
      And the grim watchmen on their lofty seats
    Ran to their shields in haste precipitate,
    Or strained black-bearded throats across the
        dusky parapet.

    For round the temple rolled the clang of arms,
      And the twelve Gods leapt up in marble fear,
    And the air quaked with dissonant alarums
      Till huge Poseidon shook his mighty spear,
    And on the frieze the prancing horses neighed,
    And the low tread of hurrying feet rang from the
        cavalcade.

    Ready for death with parted lips he stood,
      And well content at such a price to see
    That calm wide brow, that terrible maidenhood.
      The marvel of that pitiless chastity,
    Ah! well content indeed, for never wight
    Since Troy's young shepherd prince had seen so
        wonderful a sight.

    Ready for death he stood, but lo! the air
      Grew silent, and the horses ceased to neigh,
    And off his brow he tossed the clustering hair,
      And from his limbs he threw the cloak away,
    For whom would not such love make desperate,
    And nigher came, and touched her throat, and with
        hands violate

    Undid the cuirass, and the crocus gown,
      And bared the breasts of polished ivory,
    Till from the waist the peplos falling down
      Left visible the secret mystery
    Which no lover will Athena show,
    The grand cool flanks, the crescent thighs, the
        bossy hills of snow.

    Those who have never known a lover's sin
      Let them not read my ditty, it will be
    To their dull ears so musicless and thin
      That they will have no joy of it, but ye
    To whose wan cheeks now creeps the lingering smile,
    Ye who have learned who Eros is,- O listen yet a-while.

    A little space he let his greedy eyes
      Rest on the burnished image, till mere sight
    Half swooned for surfeit of such luxuries,
      And then his lips in hungering delight
    Fed on her lips, and round the towered neck
    He flung his arms, nor cared at all his passion's
        will to check.

    Never I ween did lover hold such tryst,
      For all night long he murmured honeyed word,
    And saw her sweet unravished limbs, and kissed
      Her pale and argent body undisturbed,
    And paddled with the polished throat, and pressed
    His hot and beating heart upon her chill and icy breast.

    It was as if Numidian javelins
      Pierced through and through his wild and whirling brain,
    And his nerves thrilled like throbbing violins
      In exquisite pulsation, and the pain
    Was such sweet anguish that he never drew
    His lips from hers till overhead the lark of warning flew.

    They who have never seen the daylight peer
      Into a darkened room, and drawn the curtain,
    And with dull eyes and wearied from some dear
      And worshipped body risen, they for certain
    Will never know of what I try to sing,
    How long the last kiss was, how fond and late his
        lingering.

    The moon was girdled with a crystal rim,
      The sign which shipmen say is ominous
    Of wrath in heaven, the wan stars were dim
      And the low lightening cast was tremulous
    With the faint fluttering wings of flying dawn,
    Ere from the silent sombre shrine this lover had
        withdrawn.

    Down the steep rock with hurried feet and fast
      Clomb the brave lad, and reached the cave of Pan,
    And heard the goat-foot snoring as he passed,
      And leapt upon a grassy knoll and ran
    Like a young fawn unto an olive wood
    Which in a shady valley by the well-built city stood.

    And sought a little stream, which well he knew,
      For oftentimes with boyish careless shout
    The green and crested grebe he would pursue,
      Or snare in woven net the silver trout,
    And down amid the startled reeds he lay
    Panting in breathless sweet affright, and waited
        for the day.

    On the green bank he lay, and let one hand
      Dip in the cool dark eddies listlessly,
    And soon the breath of morning came and fanned
      His hot flushed cheeks, or lifted wantonly
    The tangled curls from off his forehead, while
    He on the running water gazed with strange and
        secret smile.

    And soon the shepherd in rough woollen cloak
      With his long crook undid the wattled cotes,
    And from the stack a thin blue wreath of smoke
      Curled through the air across the ripening oats,
    And on the hill the yellow house-dog bayed
    As through the crisp and rustling fern the heavy
        cattle strayed.

    And when the light-foot mower went a-field
      Across the meadows laced with threaded dew,
    And the sheep bleated on the misty weald,
      And from its nest the wakening corn-crake flew,
    Some woodmen saw him lying by the stream
    And marvelled much that any lad so beautiful could seem,

    Nor deemed him born of mortals, and one said,
      "It is young Hylas, that false runaway
    Who with a Naiad now would make his bed
      Forgetting Herakles," but others, "Nay,
    It is Narcissus, his own paramour,
    Those are the fond and crimson lips no woman
        can allure."

    And when they nearer cane a third one cried,
      "It is young Dionysos who has hid
    His spear and fawnskin by the river side
      Weary of hunting with the Bassarid,
    And wise indeed were we away to fly,
    They live not long who on the gods immortal
        come to spy."

    So turned they back, and feared to look behind,
      And told the timid swain how they had seen
    Amid the reeds some woodland God reclined,
      And no man dared to cross the open green,
    And on that day no olive-tree was slain,
    Nor rushes cut, but all deserted was the fair domain.

    Save when the neat-herd's lad, his empty pail
      Well slung upon his back, with leap and bound
    Raced on the other side, and stopped to hail
      Hoping that he some comrade new had found,
    And gat no answer, and then half afraid
    Passed on his simple way, or down the still and
        silent glade.

    A little girl ran laughing from the farm
      Not thinking of love's secret mysteries,
    And when she saw the white and gleaming arm
      And all his manlihood, with longing eyes
    Whose passion mocked her sweet virginity
    Watched him a-while, and then stole back sadly
        and wearily.

    Far off he heard the city's hum and noise,
      And now and then the shriller laughter where
    The passionate purity of brown-limbed boys
    Wrestled or raced in the clear healthful air,
    And now and then a little tinkling bell
    As the shorn wether led the sheep down to the
        mossy well.

    Through the gray willows danced the fretful gnat,
    The grasshopper chirped idly from the tree,
    In sleek and oily coat the water-rat
      Breasting the little ripples manfully
    Made for the wild-duck's nest, from bough to bough
    Hopped the shy finch, and the huge tortoise crept
        across the slough.

    On the faint wind floated the silky seeds,
      As the bright scythe swept through the waving grass,
    The ousel-cock splashed circles in the reeds
      And flecked with silver whorls the forest's glass,
    Which scarce had caught again its imagery
    Ere from its bed the dusky tench leapt at the dragon-fly.

    But little care had he for anything
      Though up and down the beech the squirrel played,
    And from the copse the linnet 'gan to sing
      To her brown mate her sweetest serenade,
    Ah! little care indeed, for he had seen
    The breasts of Pallas and the naked wonder of the Queen.

    But when the herdsman called his straggling goats
      With whistling pipe across the rocky road,
    And the shard-beetle with its trumpet-notes
      Boomed through the darkening woods, and seemed to bode
    Of coming storm, and the belated crane
    Passed homeward like a shadow, and the dull big drops of
        rain

    Fell on the pattering fig-leaves, up he rose,
      And from the gloomy forest went his way
    Past sombre homestead and wet orchard-close,
      And came at last unto a little quay,
    And called his mates a-board, and took his seat
    On the high poop, and pushed from land, and loosed
        the dripping sheet,

    And steered across the bay, and when nine suns
      Passed down the long and laddered way of gold,
    And nine pale moons had breathed their orisons
      To the chaste stars their confessors, or told
    Their dearest secret to the downy moth
    That will not fly at noonday, through the foam and
        surging froth

    Came a great owl with yellow sulphurous eyes
      And lit upon the ship, whose timbers creaked
    As though the lading of three argosies
      Were in the hold, and flopped its wings, and shrieked,
    And darkness straightway stole across the deep,
    Sheathed was Orion's sword, dread Mars himself fled down
        the steep,

    And the moon hid behind a tawny mask
      Of drifting cloud, and from the ocean's marge
    Rose the red plume, the huge and horned casque,
      The seven cubit spear, the brazen targe!
    And clad in bright and burnished panoply
    Athena strode across the stretch of sick and
        shivering sea!

    To the dull sailors' sight her loosened locks
      Seemed like the jagged storm-rack, and her feet
    Only the spume that floats on hidden rocks,
      And marking how the rising waters beat
    Against the rolling ship, the pilot cried
    To the young helmsman at the stern to luff to
        windward side.

    But he, the over-bold adulterer,
      A dear profaner of great mysteries,
    An ardent amorous idolater,
      When he beheld those grand relentless eyes
    Laughed loud for joy, and crying out "I come"
    Leapt from the lofty poop into the chill and
        churning foam.

    Then fell from the high heaven one bright star,
      One dancer left the circling galaxy,
    And back to Athens on her clattering car
      In all the pride of venged divinity
    Pale Pallas swept with shrill and steely clank,
    And a few gurgling bubbles rose where her boy lover sank.

    And the mast shuddered as the gaunt owl flew,
      With mocking hoots after the wrathful Queen,
    And the old pilot bade the trembling crew
      Hoist the big sail, and told how he had seen
    Close to the stern a dim and giant form,
    And like a dripping swallow the stout ship dashed
        through the storm.

    And no man dared to speak of Charmides
      Deeming that he some evil thing had wrought,
    And when they reached the strait Symplegades
      They beached their galley on the shore, and sought
    The toll-gate of the city hastily,
    And in the market showed their brown and pictured pottery.
                        

    But some good Triton-god had ruth, and bare
      The boy's drowned body back to Grecian land,
    And mermaids combed his dank and dripping hair
      And smoothed his brow, and loosed his clinching hand,
    Some brought sweet spices from far Araby,
    And others made the halcyon sing her softest lullaby.

    And when he neared his old Athenian home,
      A mighty billow rose up suddenly
    Upon whose oily back the clotted foam
      Lay diapered in some strange fantasy,
    And clasping him unto its glassy breast,
    Swept landward, like a white-maned Steed upon
        a venturous quest!

    Now where Colonos leans unto the sea
      There lies a long and level stretch of lawn,
    The rabbit knows it, and the mountain bee
      For it deserts Hymettus, and the Faun
    Is not afraid, for never through the day
    Comes a cry ruder than the shout of shepherd
        lads at play.

    But often from the thorny labyrinth
      And tangled branches of the circling wood
    The stealthy hunter sees young Hyacinth
      Hurling the polished disk, and draws his hood
    Over his guilty gaze, and creeps away,
    Nor dares to wind his horn, or- else at the first
        break of day

    The Dryads come and throw the leathern ball
      Along the reedy shore, and circumvent
    Some goat-eared Pan to be their seneschal
      For fear of bold Poseidon's ravishment,
    And loose their girdles, with shy timorous eyes,
    Lest from the surf his azure arms and purple beard
        should rise.

    On this side and on that a rocky cave,
      Hung with yellow-bell'd laburnum, stands,
    Smooth is the beach, save where some ebbing wave
      Leaves its faint outline etched upon the sands,
    As though it feared to be too soon forgot
    By the green rush, its playfellow,- and yet, it is a spot

    So small, that the inconstant butterfly
      Could steal the hoarded honey from each flower
    Ere it was noon, and still not satisfy
      Its over-greedy love,- within an hour
    A sailor boy, were he but rude enow
    To land and pluck a garland for his galley's
        painted prow,

    Would almost leave the little meadow bare,
      For it knows nothing of great pageantry,
    Only a few narcissi here and there
      Stand separate in sweet austerity,
    Dotting the unmown grass with silver stars,
    And here aid there a daffodil waves tiny scimetars.

    Hither the billow brought him, and was glad
      Of such dear servitude, and where the land
    Was virgin of all waters laid the lad
      Upon the golden margent of the strand,
    And like a lingering lover oft returned
    To kiss those pallid limbs which once with intense
        fire burned,

    Ere the wet seas had quenched that holocaust,
      That self-fed flame, that passionate lustihead,
    Ere grisly death with chill and nipping frost
      Had withered up those lilies white and red
    Which, while the boy would through the forest range,
    Answered each other in a sweet antiphonal counter-change.

    And when at dawn the wood-nymphs, hand-in-hand,
      Threaded the bosky dell, their satyr spied
    The boy's pale body stretched upon the sand,
      And feared Poseidon's treachery, and cried,
    And like bright sunbeams flitting through a glade,
    Each startled Dryad sought some safe and leafy ambuscade.

    Save one white girl, who deemed it would not be
      So dread a thing to feel a sea-god's arms
    Crushing her breasts in amorous tyranny,
      And longed to listen to those subtle charms
    Insidious lovers weave when they would win
    Some fenced fortress, and stole back again, nor
        thought it sin

    To yield her treasure unto one so fair,
      And lay beside him, thirsty with love's drouth,
    Called him soft names, played with his tangled hair,
      And with hot lips made havoc of his mouth
    Afraid he might not wake, and then afraid
    Lest he might wake too soon, fled back, and then,
        fond renegade,

    Returned to fresh assault, and all day long
      Sat at his side, and laughed at her new toy,
    And held his hand, and sang her sweetest song,
      Then frowned to see how froward was the boy
    Who would not with her maidenhood entwine,
    Nor knew that three days since his eyes had
        looked on Proserpine,

    Nor knew what sacrilege his lips had done,
      But said, "He will awake, I know him well,
    He will awake at evening when the sun
      Hangs his red shield on Corinth's citadel,
    This sleep is but a cruel treachery
    To make me love him more, and in some cavern
        of the sea

    "Deeper than ever falls the fisher's line
      Already a huge Triton blows his horn,
    And weaves a garland from the crystalline
      And drifting ocean-tendrils to adorn
    The emerald pillars of our bridal bed,
    For sphered in foaming silver, and with
        coral-crowned head.

    "We two will sit upon a throne of pearl,
      And a blue wave will be our canopy,
    And at our feet the water-snakes will curl
      In all their amethystine panoply
    Of diamonded man, and we will mark
    The mullets swimming by the mast of some
        storm-foundered bark,

    "Vermilion-finned with eyes of bossy gold
      Like flakes of crimson light, and the great deep
    His glassy-portaled chamber will unfold,
      And we will see the painted dolphins sleep
    Cradled by murmuring halcyons on the rocks
    Where Proteus in quaint suit of green pastures his
        monstrous flocks.

    "And tremulous opal hued anemones
      Will wave their purple fringes where we tread
    Upon the mirrored floor, and argosies
      Of fishes flecked with tawny scales will thread
    The drifting cordage of the shattered wreck,
    And honey-colored amber beads our twining limbs
        will deck."

    But when that baffled Lord of War the Sun
      With gaudy pennon flying passed away
    Into his brazen House, and one by one
      The little yellow stars began to stray
    Across the field of heaven, ah! then indeed
    She feared his lips upon her lips would never
        care to feed,

    And cried, "Awake, already the pale moon
      Washes the trees with silver, and the wave
    Creeps gray and chilly up this sandy dune,
      The croaking frogs are out, and from the cave
    The night-jar shrieks, the fluttering bats repass,
    And the brown stoat with hollow flanks creeps
        through the dusky grass.

    "Nay, though thou art a God, be not so coy,
      For in yon stream there is a little reed
    That often whispers how a lovely boy
      Lay with her once upon a grassy mead,
    Who when his cruel pleasure he had done
    Spread wings of rustling gold and soared aloft
        into the sun.

    "Be not so coy, the laurel trembles still
      With great Apollo's kisses, and the fir
    Whose clustering sisters fringe the sea-ward hill
      Hath many a tale of that bold ravisher
    Whom men call Boreas, and I have seen
    The mocking eyes of Hermes through the poplar's
        silvery sheen.

    "Even the jealous Naiads call me fair,
      And every morn a young and ruddy swain
    Wooes me with apples and with locks of hair,
      And seeks to soothe my virginal disdain
    By all the gifts the gentle wood-nymphs love;
    But yesterday he brought to me an iris-plumaged dove

    "With little crimson feet, which with its store
      Of seven spotted eggs the cruel lad
    Had stolen from the lofty sycamore
      At daybreak when her amorous comrade had
    Flown off in search of berried juniper
    Which most they love; the fretful wasp, that
        earliest vintager

    "Of the blue grapes, hath not persistency
      So constant as this simple shepherd-boy
    For my poor lips, his joyous purity
      And laughing sunny eyes might well decoy
    A Dryad from her oath to Artemis;
    For very beautiful is he, his mouth was made
        to kiss.

    "His argent forehead, like a rising moon
      Over the dusky hills of meeting brows,
    Is crescent shaped, the hot and Tyrian noon
      Leads from the myrtle-grove no goodlier spouse
    For Cytheraea, the first silky down
    Fringes his blushing cheeks, and his young limbs
        are strong and brown:

    "And he is rich, and fat and fleecy herds
      Of bleating sheep upon his meadows lie,
    And many an earthen bowl of yellow curds
      Is in his homestead for the thievish fly
    To swim and drown in, the pink clover mead
    Keeps its sweet store for him, and he can pipe
        on oaten reed.

    "And yet I love him not, it was for thee
      I kept my love, I knew that thou would'st come
    To rid me of this pallid chastity;
      Thou fairest flower of the flowerless foam
    Of all the wide Aegean, brightest star
    Of ocean's azure heavens where the mirrored planets are!

    "I knew that thou would'st come, for when at first
      The dry wood burgeoned, and the sap of Spring
    Swelled in my green and tender bark or burst
      To myriad multitudinous blossoming
    Which mocked the midnight with its mimic moons
    That did not dread the dawn, and first the thrushes'
        rapturous tunes

    "Startled the squirrel from its granary,
      And cuckoo flowers fringed the narrow lane,
    Through my young leaves a sensuous ecstasy
      Crept like new wine, and every mossy vein
    Throbbed with the fitful pulse of amorous blood,
    And the wild winds of passion shook my slim stem's
        maidenhood.

    "The trooping fawns at evening came and laid
      Their cool black noses on my lowest boughs
    And on my topmost branch the blackbird made
      A little nest of grasses for his spouse,
    And now and then a twittering wren would light
    On a thin twig which hardly bare the weight of
        such delight.

    "I was the Attic shepherd's trysting place,
      Beneath my shadow Amaryllis lay,
    And round my trunk would laughing Daphnis chase
      The timorous girl, till tired out with play
    She felt his hot breath stir her tangled hair,
    And turned, and looked, and fled no more from such
        delightful snare.

    "Then come away unto my ambuscade
      Where clustering woodbine weaves a canopy
    For amorous pleasaunce, and the rustling shade
      Of Paphian myrtles seems to sanctify
    The dearest rites of love, there in the cool
    And green recesses of its furthest depth there is a pool,

    "The ouzel's haunt, the wild bee's pasturage;
      For round its rim great creamy lilies float
    Through their flat leaves in verdant anchorage,
    Each cup a white-sailed golden-laden boat
    Steered by a dragon-fly,- be not afraid
    To leave this wan and wave-kissed shore, surely the
        place were made

    "For lovers such as we, the Cyprian Queen,
      One arm around her boyish paramour,
    Strays often there at eve, and I have seen
      The moon strip off her misty vestiture
    For young Endymion's eyes, be not afraid,
    The panther feet of Dian never tread that
        secret glade.

    "Nay, if thou wil'st, back to the beating brine,
      Back to the boisterous billow let us go,
    And all day beneath the hyaline
      Huge vault of Neptune's watery portico,
    And watch the purple monsters of the deep
    Sport in ungainly play, and from his lair keen
        Xiphias leap.

    "For if my mistress find me lying here
      She will not ruth or gentle pity show,
    But lay her boar-spear down, and with austere
      Relentless fingers string the cornel bow,
    And draw the feathered notch against her breast,
    And loose the arched cord, ay, even now upon the
        quest

    "I hear her hurrying feet,- awake, awake,
      Thou laggard in love's battle! once at least
    Let me drink deep of passion's wine, and slake
      My parched being with the nectarous feast
    Which even Gods affect! O come Love come,
    Still we have time to reach the cavern of thine
        azure home."

    Scarce had she spoken when the shuddering trees
      Shook, and the leaves divided, and the air
    Grew conscious of a God, and the gray seas
      Crawled backward, and a long and dismal blare
    Blew from some tasseled horn, a sleuth-hound bayed
    And like a flame a barbed reed flew whizzing down
        the glade.

    And where the little flowers of her breast
      Just brake in to their milky blossoming,
    This murderous paramour, this unbidden guest,
      Pierced and struck deep in horrid chambering,
    And plowed a bloody furrow with its dart,
    And dug a long red road, and cleft with winged
        death her heart.

    Sobbing her life out with a bitter cry
      On the boy's body fell the Dryad maid,
    Sobbing for incomplete virginity,
      And raptures unenjoyed, and pleasures dead,
    And all the pain of things unsatisfied,
    And the bright drops of crimson youth crept down her
        throbbing side.

    Ah! pitiful it was to hear her moan,
      And very pitiful to see her die
    Ere she had yielded up her sweets, or known
      The joy of passion, that dread mystery
    Which not to know is not to live at all,
    And yet to know is to be held in death's most
        deadly thrall.

    But as it hapt the Queen of Cythere,
      Who with Adonis all night long had lain
    Within some shepherd's hut in Arcady,
      On team of silver doves and gilded wane
    Was journeying Paphos-ward, high up afar
    From mortal ken between the mountains and
        the morning star,

    And when low down she spied the hapless pair,
      And heard the Oread's faint despairing cry,
    Whose cadence seemed to play upon the air
      As though it were a viol, hastily
    She bade her pigeons fold each straining plume,
    And dropt to earth, and reached the strand, and saw
        their dolorous doom.

    For as a gardener turning back his head
      To catch the last notes of the linnet, mows
    With careless scythe too near some flower bed,
      And cuts the thorny pillar of the rose,
    And with the flower's loosened loveliness
    Strews the brown mold, or as some shepherd lad
        in wantonness

    Driving his little flock along the mead
      Treads down two daffodils which side by side
    Have lured the lady-bird with yellow brede
      And made the gaudy moth forget its pride,
    Treads down their brimming golden chalices
    Under light feet which were not made for such
        rude ravages,

    Or as a schoolboy tired of his book
      Flings himself down upon the reedy grass
    And plucks two water-lilies from the brook,
      And for a time forgets the hour glass,
    Then wearies of their sweets, and goes his way,
    And lets the hot sun kill them, even so these
        lovers lay,

    And Venus cried, "It is dread Artemis
      Whose bitter hand hath wrought this cruelty,
    Or else that mightier mayde whose care it is
      To guard her strong and stainless majesty
    Upon the hill Athenian,- alas!
    That they who loved so well unloved into Death's
        house should pass."

    So with soft hands she laid the boy and girl
      In the great golden waggon tenderly,
    Her white throat whiter than a moony pearl
      Just threaded with a blue vein's tapestry
    Had not yet ceased to throb, and still her breast
    Swayed like a wind-stirred lily in ambiguous unrest.

    And then each pigeon spread its milky van,
      The bright car soared into the dawning sky
    And like a cloud the aerial caravan
      Passed over the Aegean silently,
    Till the faint air was troubled with the song
    From the wan mouths that call on bleeding Thammuz
        all night long.

    But when the doves had reached their wonted goal
      Where the wide stair of orbed marble dips
    Its snows into the sea, her fluttering soul
      Just shook the trembling petals of her lips
    And passed into the void, and Venus knew
    That one fair maid the less would walk amid her
        retinue,

    And bade her servants carve a cedar chest
      With all the wonder of this history,
    Within whose scented womb their limbs should rest
      Where olive-trees make tender the blue sky
    On the low hills of Paphos, and the fawn
    Pipes in the noonday, and the nightingale sings on
        till dawn.

    Nor failed they to obey her hest, and ere
      The morning bee had stung the daffodil
    With tiny fretful spear, or from its lair
      The waking stag had leapt across the rill
    And roused the ousel, or the lizard crept
    Athwart the sunny rock, beneath the grass their
        bodies slept.

    And when day brake, within that silver shrine
      Fed by the flames of cressets tremulous,
    Queen Venus knelt and prayed to Proserpine
      That she whose beauty made Death amorous
    Should beg a guerdon from her pallid Lord,
    And let desire pass across dread Charon's icy ford.
                      
    In melancholy moonless Acheron,
      Far from the goodly earth and joyous day,
    Where no spring ever buds, nor ripening sun
      Weighs down the apple trees, nor flowery May
    Checkers with chestnut blooms the grassy floor,
    Where thrushes never sing, and piping linnets mate
        no more,

    There by a dim and dark Lethaean well,
      Young Charmides was lying wearily
    He plucked the blossoms from the asphodel,
      And with its little rifled treasury
    Strewed the dull waters of the dusky stream,
    And watched the white stars founder, and the land
        was like a dream.

    When as he gazed into the watery glass
      And through his brown hair's curly tangles scanned
    His own wan face, a shadow seemed to pass
      Across the mirror, and a little hand
    Stole into his, and warm lips timidly
    Brushed his pale cheeks, and breathed their secret
        forth into a sigh.

    Then turned he around his weary eyes and saw,
      And ever nigher still their faces came,
    And nigher ever did their young mouths draw
      Until they seemed one perfect rose of flame,
    And longing arms around her neck he cast,
    And felt her throbbing bosom, and his breath came
        hot and fast,

    And all his hoarded sweets were hers to kiss,
      And all her maidenhood was his to slay,
    And limb to limb in long and rapturous bliss
      Their passion waxed and waned,- O why essay
    To pipe again of love too venturous reed!
    Enough, enough that Eros laughed upon that
        flowerless mead,

    Too venturous poesy O why essay
      To pipe again of passion! fold thy wings
    O'er daring Icarus and bid thy lay
      Sleep hidden in the lyre's silent strings,
    Till thou hast found the old Castilian rill,
    Or from the Lesbian waters plucked drowned
        Sappho's golden quill!

    Enough, enough that he whose life had been
      A fiery pulse of sin, a splendid shame,
    Could in the loveless land of Hades glean
      One scorching harvest from those fields of flame
    Where passion walks with naked unshod feet
    And is not wounded,- ah! enough that once their lips
        could meet

    In that wild throb when all existences
      Seem narrowed to one single ecstasy
    Which dies through its own sweetness and the stress
      Of too much pleasure, ere Persephone
    Had made them serve her by the ebon throne
    Of the pale God who in the fields of Enna loosed
        her zone.                SONNET TO LIBERTY

    Not that I love thy children, whose dull eyes
    See nothing save their own unlovely woe,
    Whose minds know nothing, nothing care to know,-
    But that the roar of thy Democracies,
    Thy reigns of Terror, thy great Anarchies,
    Mirror my wildest passions like the sea,
    And give my rage a brother-! Liberty!
    For his sake only do thy dissonant cries
    Delight my discreet soul, else might all kings
    By bloody knout or treacherous cannonades
    Rob nations of their rights inviolate
    And I remain unmoved- and yet, and yet,
    These Christs that die upon the barricades,
    God knows it I am with them, in some things.
                   AVE IMPERATRIX

        Set in this stormy Northern sea,
          Queen of these restless fields of tide,
        England! what shall men say of thee,
          Before whose feet the worlds divide?

        The earth, a brittle globe of glass,
          Lies in the hollow of thy hand,
        And through its heart of crystal pass,
          Like shadows through a twilight land,

        The spears of crimson-suited war,
          The long white-crested waves of fight,
        And all the deadly fires which are
          The torches of the lords of Night.

        The yellow leopards, strained and lean,
          The treacherous Russian knows so well,
        With gaping blackened jaws are seen
          Leap through the hail of screaming shell.

        The strong sea-lion of England's wars
          Hath left his sapphire cave of sea,
        To battle with the storm that mars
          The star of England's chivalry.

        The brazen-throated clarion blows
          Across the Pathan's reedy fen,
        And the high steeps of Indian snows
          Shake to the tread of armed men.

        And many an Afghan chief, who lies
          Beneath his cool pomegranate-trees,
        Clutches his sword in fierce surmise
          When on the mountain-side he sees

        The fleet-foot Marri scout, who comes
          To tell how he hath heard afar
        The measured roll of English drums
          Beat at the gates of Kandahar.

        For southern wind and east wind meet
          Where, girt and crowned by sword and fire,
        England with bare and bloody feet
          Climbs the steep road of wide empire.

        O lonely Himalayan height,
          Gray pillar of the Indian sky,
        Where saw'st thou last in clanging fight,
          Our winged dogs of Victory?

        The almond groves of Samarcand,
          Bokhara, where red lilies blow,
        And Oxus, by whose yellow sand
          The grave white-turbaned merchants go:

        And on from thence to Ispahan,
          The gilded garden of the sun,
        Whence the long dusty caravan
          Brings cedar and vermilion;

        And that dread city of Cabool
          Set at the mountain's scarped feet,
        Whose marble tanks are ever full
          With water for the noon-day heat:

        Where through the narrow straight Bazaar
          A little maid Circassian
        Is led, a present from the Czar
          Unto some old and bearded khan,-

        Here have our wild war-eagles flown,
          And flapped wide wings in fiery fight;
        But the sad dove, that sits alone
          In England- she hath no delight.

        In vain the laughing girl will lean
          To greet her love with love-lit eyes:
        Down in some treacherous black ravine,
          Clutching his flag, the dead boy lies.

        And many a moon and sun will see
          The lingering wistful children wait
        To climb upon their father's knee;
          And in each house made desolate

        Pale women who have lost their lord
          Will kiss the relics of the slain-
        Some tarnished epaulet- some sword-
          Poor toys to soothe such anguished pain.

        For not in quiet English fields
          Are these, our brothers, laid to rest.
        Where we might deck their broken shields
          With all the flowers the dead love best.

        For some are by the Delhi walls,
          And many in the Afghan land,
        And many where the Ganges falls
          Through seven mouths of shifting sand.

        And some in Russian waters lie,
          And others in the seas which are
        The portals to the East, or by
          The wind-swept heights of Trafalgar.

        O wandering graves! O restless sleep!
          O silence of the sunless day!
        O still ravine! O stormy deep!
          Give up your prey! Give up your prey!

        And thou whose wounds are never healed,
          Whose weary race is never won,
        O Cromwell's England! must thou yield
          For every inch of ground a son?

        Go! crown with thorns thy gold-crowned head,
          Change thy glad song to song of pain;
        Wind and wild wave have got thy dead,
          And will not yield them back again.

        Wave and wild wind and foreign shore
          Possess the flower of English land-
        Lips that thy lips shall kiss no more,
          Hands that shall never clasp thy hand.

        What profit now that we have bound
          The whole round world with net of gold,
        If hidden in our heart is found
          The care that groweth never old?

        What profit that our galleys ride,
          Pine-forest-like, on every main?
        Ruin and wreck are at our side,
          Grim warders of the House of pain.

        Where are the brave, the strong, the fleet
          Where is our English chivalry?
        Wild grasses are their burial-sheet,
          And sobbing waves their threnody.

        O loved ones lying far away,
          What word of love can dead lips send!
        O wasted dust! O senseless clay!
          Is this the end! is this the end!

        Peace, peace! we wrong the noble dead
          To vex their solemn slumber so:
        Though childless, and with thorn-crowned head,
          Up the steep road must England go,

        Yet when this fiery web is spun,
          Her watchmen shall decry from far
        The young Republic like a sun
          Rise from these crimson seas of war.
                       TO MILTON

        Milton! I think thy spirit hath passed away
          From these white cliffs, and high embattled-towers;
          This gorgeous fiery-colored world of ours
        Seems fallen into ashes dull and gray,
        And the age changed unto a mimic play,
          Wherein we waste our else too-crowded hours:
          For all our pomp and pageantry and powers
        We are but fit to delve the common clay,
        Seeing this little isle on which we stand,
          This England, this sea-lion of the sea,
          By ignorant demagogues is held in fee,
        Who love her not: Dear God! is this the land
          Which bare a triple empire in her hand
          When Cromwell spake the word Democracy!
                      LOUIS NAPOLEON

        Eagle of Austerlitz! where were thy wings
          When far away upon a barbarous strand,
          In fight unequal, by an obscure hand,
        Fell the last scion of thy brood of Kings!

        Poor boy! thou wilt not flaunt thy cloak of red,
          Nor ride in state through Paris in the van
          Of thy returning legions, but instead
        Thy mother France, free and republican,

        Shall on thy dead and crownless forehead place
          The better laurels of a soldier's crown,
          That not dishonored should thy soul go down
        To tell the mighty Sire of thy race

        That France hath kissed the mouth of Liberty,
          And found it sweeter than his honeyed bees,
          And that the giant wave Democracy
        Breaks on the shores where Kings lay couched at ease.
                            SONNET

        On the Massacre of the Christians in Bulgaria.

        Christ, dost Thou live indeed? or are Thy bones
        Still straightened in their rock-hewn sepulchre?
        And was Thy Rising only dreamed by her
        Whose love of Thee for all her sin atones?
        For here the air is horrid with men's groans,
        The priests who call upon Thy name are slain,
        Dost Thou not hear the bitter wail of pain
        From those whose children lie upon the stones?
        Come down, O Son of God! incestuous gloom
        Curtains the land, and through the starless night
        Over Thy Cross the Crescent moon I see!
        If Thou in very truth didst burst the tomb
        Come down, O Son of Man! and show Thy might
        Lest Mahomet be crowned instead of Thee!
                       QUANTUM MUTATA

        There was a time in Europe long ago,
          When no man died for freedom anywhere,
          But England's lion leaping from its lair
        Laid hands on the oppressor! it was so
        While England could a great Republic show.
          Witness the men of Piedmont, chiefest care
          Of Cromwell, when with impotent despair
        The Pontiff in his painted portico
        Trembled before our stern embassadors.
          How comes it then that from such high estate
          We have thus fallen, save that Luxury
        With barren merchandise piles up the gate
        Where nobler thoughts and deeds should enter by:
          Else might we still be Milton's heritors.
                 LIBERTATIS SACRA FAMES

        Albeit nurtured in democracy,
          And liking best that state republican
          Where every man is Kinglike and no man
        Is crowned above his fellows, yet I see
        Spite of this modern fret for Liberty,
          Better the rule of One, whom all obey,
          Than to let clamorous demagogues betray
        Our freedom with the kiss of anarchy.
        Wherefore I love them not whose hands profane
          Plant the red flag upon the piled-up street
          For no right cause, beneath whose ignorant reign
        Arts, Culture, Reverence, Honor, all things fade,
          Save Treason and the dagger of her trade,
          And Murder with his silent bloody feet.
                       THEORETIKOS

        This mighty empire hath but feet of clay;
          Of all its ancient chivalry and might
          Our little island is forsaken quite:
        Some enemy hath stolen its crown of bay,
        And from its hills that voice hath passed away
          Which spake of Freedom: O come out of it,
          Come out of it, my Soul, thou art not fit
        For this vile traffic-house, where day by day
          Wisdom and reverence are sold at mart,
          And the rude people rage with ignorant cries
        Against an heritage of centuries.
          It mars my calm: wherefore in dreams of Art
          And loftiest culture I would stand apart,
        Neither for God, nor for His enemies.                                                            FLOWER OR LOVE

        Sweet, I blame you not, for mine the fault was,
          Had I not been made of common clay
        I had climbed the higher heights unclimbed yet,
          Seen the fuller air, the larger day.

        From the wildness of my wasted passion I had
          Struck a better, clearer song,
        Lit some lighter light of freer freedom, battled
          With some Hydra-headed wrong.

        Had my lips been smitten into music by the
          Kisses that but made them bleed,
        You had walked with Bice and the angels on
          That verdant and enamelled mead.

        I had trod the road which Dante treading saw
          The suns of seven circles shine,
        Ay! perchance had seen the heavens opening, as
          They opened to the Florentine.

        And the mighty nations would have crowned me,
          Who am crownless now and without name,
        And some orient dawn had found me kneeling
          On the threshold of the House of Fame

        I had sat within that marble circle where the
          Oldest bard is as the young,
        And the pipe is ever dropping honey, and the
          Lyre's strings are ever strung.

        Keats had lifted up his hymeneal curls from out
          The poppy-seeded wine,
        With ambrosial mouth had kissed my forehead,
          Clasped the hand of noble love in mine.

        And at springtime, when the apple-blossoms
          Brush the burnished bosom of the dove,
        Two young lovers lying in an orchard would
          Have read the story of our love.

        Would have read the legend of my passion,
          Known the bitter secret of my heart,
        Kissed as we have kissed, but never parted as
        We two are fated now to part.

        For the crimson flower of our life is eaten by
          The canker-worm of truth,
        And no hand can gather up the fallen withered
          Petals of the rose of youth.

        Yet I am not sorry that I loved you- ah! what
          Else had I a boy to do,-
        For the hungry teeth of time devour, and the
          Silent-footed years pursue.

        Rudderless, we drift athwart a tempest, and
          When once the storm of youth is past,
        Without lyre, without lute or chorus, Death a
          Silent pilot comes at last.

        And within the grave there is no pleasure, for
          The blind-worm battens on the root,
        And Desire shudders into ashes, and the tree of
          Passion bears no fruit.

        Ah! what else had I to do but love you, God's
          Own mother was less dear to me,
        And less dear the Cytheraean rising like an
          Argent lily from the sea.

        I have made my choice, have lived my poems,
          And, though youth is gone in wasted days,
        I have found the lover's crown of myrtle
          Better than the poet's crown of bays.                                FLOWERS OF GOLD
                             I

                      Les Silhouettes

        The sea is flecked with bars of gray,
          The dull dead wind is out of tune,
          And like a withered leaf the moon
        Is blown across the stormy bay.

        Etched clear upon the pallid sand
          The black boat lies: a sailor boy
          Clambers aboard in careless joy
        With laughing face and gleaming hand.

        And overhead the curlews cry,
          Where through the dusky upland grass
          The young brown-throated reapers pass,
        Like silhouettes against the sky.
                         II

               La Fuite de la Lune

        To outer senses there is peace,
          A dreamy peace on either hand,
          Deep silence in the shadowy land,
        Deep silence where the shadows cease.

        Save for a cry that echoes shrill
          From some lone bird disconsolate;
          A corncrake calling to its mate;
        The answer from the misty hill.

        And suddenly the moon withdraws
          Her sickle from the lightening skies,
          And to her sombre cavern flies,
        Wrapped in a veil of yellow gauze.
                    THE GRAVE OF KEATS

        Rid of the world's injustice, and his pain,
          He rests at last beneath God's veil of blue:
          Taken from life when life and love were new
        The youngest of the martyrs here is lain,
        Fair as Sebastian, and as early slain.
          No cypress shades his grave, no funeral yew,
          But gentle violets weeping with the dew
        Weave on his bones an ever-blossoming chain.
        O proudest heart that broke for misery!
          O sweetest lips since those of Mitylene!
          O poet-painter of our English land!
          Thy name was writ in water-- it shall stand:
          And tears like mine will keep thy memory green,
        As Isabella did her Basil tree.

        Rome
                  THEOCRITUS

                 A Villanelle

        O singer of Persephone!
          In the dim meadows desolate
        Dost thou remember Sicily?

        Still through the ivy flits the bee
          Where Amaryllis lies in state;
        O Singer of Persephone!

        Simaetha calls on Hecate
          And hears the wild dogs at the gate:
        Dost thou remember Sicily?

        Still by the light and laughing sea
          Poor Polypheme bemoans his fate:
        O Singer of Persephone!

        And still in boyish rivalry
          Young Daphnis challenges his mate:
        Dost thou remember Sicily?

        Slim Lacon keeps a goat for thee,
          For thee the jocund shepherds wait,
        O Singer of Persephone!
        Dost thou remember Sicily?
                  IN THE GOLD ROOM

                      A Harmony

        Her ivory hands on the ivory keys
          Strayed in a fitful fantasy,
        Like the silver gleam when the poplar trees
          Rustle their pale leaves listlessly,
          Or the drifting foam of a restless sea
        When the waves show their teeth in the flying breeze.

        Her gold hair fell on the wall of gold
          Like the delicate gossamer tangles spun
        On the burnished disk of the marigold,
          Or the sun-flower turning to meet the sun
          When the gloom of the jealous night is done,
        And the spear of the lily is aureoled.

        And her sweet red lips on these lips of mine
          Burned like the ruby fire set
        In the swinging lamp of a crimson shrine,
          Or the bleeding wounds of the pomegranate,
          Or the heart of lotus drenched and wet
        With the spilt-out blood of the rose-red wine.
                   BALLADE DE MARGUERITE

                          Normande

        I am weary of lying within the chase
        When the knights are meeting in market-place.

        Nay, go not thou to the red-roofed town
        Lest the hooves of the war-horse tread thee down.

        But I would not go where the Squires ride,
        I would only walk by my Lady's side.

        Alack! and alack! thou art over bold,
        A Forester's son may not eat off gold.

        Will she love me the less that my Father is seen
        Each Martinmas day in a doublet green?

        Perchance she is sewing at tapestrie,
        Spindle and loom are not meet for thee.

        Ah, if she is working the arras bright
        I might ravel the threads by the firelight.

        Perchance she is hunting of the deer,
        Flow could you follow o'er hill and mere?

        Ah, if she is riding with the court,
        I might run beside her and wind the morte.

        Perchance she is kneeling in S. Denys,
        (On her soul may our Lady have gramercy!)

        Ah, if she is praying in lone chapelle,
        I might swing the censer and ring the bell.

        Come in my son, for you look sae pale,
        Thy father shall fill thee a stoup of ale.

        But who are these knights in bright array?
        Is it a pageant the rich folks play?

        'Tis the King of England from over sea,
        Who has come unto visit our fair countrie.

        But why does the curfew tool sae low
        And why do the mourners walk a-row?

        O 'tis Hugh of Amiens my sister's son
        Who is lying stark, for his day is done.

        Nay, nay, for I see white lilies clear,
        It is no strong man who lies on the bier.

        O 'tis old Dame Jeannette that kept the hall,
        I knew she would die at the autumn fall.

        Dame Jeannette had not that gold-brown hair,
        Old Jeannette was not a maiden fair.

        O 'tis none of our kith and none of our kin,
        (Her soul may our Lady assoil from sin!)

        But I hear the boy's voice chanting sweet,
        "Elle est morte, la Marguerite."

        Come in my son and lie on the bed,
        And let the dead folk bury their dead.

        O mother, you know I loved her true:
        O mother, hath one grave room for two?
         THE DOLE OF THE KING'S DAUGHTER

                      Breton

        Seven stars in the still water,
          And seven in the sky;
        Seven sins on the King's daughter,
          Deep in her soul to lie.

        Red roses are at her feet,
          (Roses are red in her red-gold hair,)
        And O where her bosom and girdle meet
          Red roses are hidden there.

        Fair is the knight who lieth slain
          Amid the rush and reed,
        See the lean fishes that are fain
          Upon dead men to feed.

        Sweet is the page that lieth there,
          (Cloth of gold is goodly prey,)
        See the black ravens in the air,
          Black, O black as the night are they.

        What do they there so stark and dead?
          (There is blood upon her hand)
        Why are the lilies flecked with red,
          (There is blood on the river sand.)

        There are two that ride from the south and east,
          And two from the north and west,
        For the black raven a goodly feast,
          For the King's daughter rest.

        There is one man who loves her true
          (Red, O red, is the stain of gore!
        He hath duggen a grave by the darksome yew,
          (One grave will do for four.)

        No moon in the still heaven,
          In the black water none,
        The sins on her soul are seven,
          The sin upon his is one.
                  AMOR INTELLECTUALIS

        Oft have we trod the vales of Castaly
          And heard sweet notes of sylvan music blown
          From antique reeds to common folk unknown
        And often launched our bark upon that sea
        Which the nine muses hold in empery,
          And plowed free furrows through the wave and foam,
          Nor spread reluctant sail for more safe home
        Till we had freighted well our argosy.
        Of which despoiled treasures these remain,
          Sordello's passion, and the honeyed line
        Of young Endymion, lordly Tamburlaine
          Driving him pampered jades, and more than these,
        The seven-fold vision of the Florentine,
        And grave-browed Milton's solemn harmonics.
                        SANTA DECCA

        THE Gods are dead: no longer do we bring
          To gray-eyed Pallas crowns of olive-leaves!
          Demeter's child no more hath tithe of sheaves,
        And in the noon the careless shepherds sing,
        For Pan is dead, and all the wantoning
          By secret glade and devious haunt is o'er:
          Young Hylas seeks the water-springs no more;
        Great Pan is dead, and Mary's Son is King.

        And yet- perchance in this sea-tranced isle,
          Chewing the bitter fruit of memory,
          Some God lies hidden in the asphodel.
        Ah Love! if such there be then it were well
          For us to fly his anger: nay, but see
          The leaves are stirring: let us watch a-while.

        Corfu
                          A VISION

        Two crowned Kings and One that stood alone
          With no green weight of laurels round his head,
          But with sad eyes as one uncomforted,
        And wearied with man's never-ceasing moan
        For sins no bleating victim can atone,
          And sweet long lips with tears and kisses fed.
          Girt was he in a garment black and red,
        And at his feet I marked a broken stone
          Which sent up lilies, dove-like, to his knees,
        Now at their sight, my heart being lit with flame
          I cried to Beatrice, "Who are these?"
        "Aeschylos first, the second Sophokles,
          And last (wide stream of tears!) Euripides."
                 IMPRESSION DE VOYAGE

        The sea was sapphire colored, and the sky
          Burned like a heated opal through the air,
          We hoisted sail; the wind was blowing fair
        For the blue lands that to the eastward lie.
        From the steep prow I marked with quickening eye
          Zakynthos, every olive grove and creek,
          Ithaca's cliff, Lycaon's snowy peak,
        And all the flower-strewn hills of Arcady.
        The flapping of the sail against the mast,
          The ripple of the water on the side,
        The ripple of girls' laughter at the stern,
        The only sounds:- when 'gan the West to burn,
          And a red sun upon the seas to ride,
        I stood upon the soil of Greece at last!

        Katakolo
                    THE GRAVE OF SHELLEY

        Like burnt-out torches by a sick man's bed
          Gaunt cypress-trees stand round the sun-bleached stone;
          Here doth the little night-owl make her throne,
        And the slight lizard show his jewelled head.
        And, where the chaliced poppies flame to red,
          In the still chamber of yon pyramid
          Surely some Old-World Sphinx lurks darkly hid,
        Grim warder of this pleasaunce of the dead.

        Ah! sweet indeed to rest within the womb
          Of Earth great mother of eternal sleep,
        But sweeter far for thee a restless tomb
          In the blue cavern of an echoing deep,
        Or where the tall ships founder in the gloom
          Against the rocks of some wave-shattered steep.

        Rome
                   BY THE ARNO

        The oleander on the wall
          Grows crimson in the dawning light,
          Though the gray shadows of the night
        Lie yet on Florence like a pall.

        The dew is bright upon the hill,
          And bright the blossoms overhead,
          But ah! the grasshoppers have fled,
        The little Attic song is still.

        Only the leaves are gently stirred
          By, the soft breathing of the gale,
          And in the almond-scented vale
        The lonely nightingale is heard

        The day will make thee silent soon,
          O nightingale sing on for love!
          While yet upon the shadowy grove
        Splinter the arrows of the moon.

        Before across the silent lawn
          In sea-green mist the morning steals,
          And to love's frightened eyes reveals
        The long white fingers of the dawn.

        Fast climbing up the eastern sky,
          To grasp and slay the shuddering night,
          All careless of my heart's delight,
        Or if the nightingale should die.                   Le Reveillon

        The sky is laced with fitful red,
          The circling mists and shadows flee,
          The dawn is rising from the sea,
        Like a white lady from her bed.

        And jagged brazen arrows fall
          Athwart the feathers of the night,
          And a long wave of yellow light
        Breaks silently on tower and hall,

        And spreading wide across the wold
          Wakes into flight some fluttering bird,
          And all the chestnut tops are stirred,
        And all the branches streaked with gold.
                        AT VERONA

        How steep the stairs within Kings' houses are
          For exile-wearied feet as mine to tread,
          And O how salt and bitter is the bread
        Which falls from this Hound's table,- better far
        That I had died in the red ways of war,
          Or that the gate of Florence bare my head,
          Than to live thus, by all things comraded
        Which seek the essence of my soul to mar.

        "Curse God and die: what better hope than this?
          He hath forgotten thee in all the bliss
          Of his gold city, and eternal day"-
        Nay peace: behind my prison's blinded bars
          I do possess what none can take away,
        My love, and all the glory of the stars.
                        APOLOGIA

        Is it thy will that I should wax and wane,
          Barter my cloth of gold for hodden gray,
        And at thy pleasure weave that web of pain
          Whose brightest threads are each a wasted day?

        Is it thy will- Love that I love so well-
          That my Soul's House should be a tortured spot
        Wherein, like evil paramours, must dwell
          The quenchless flame, the worm that dieth not?

        Nay, if it be thy will I shall endure,
          And sell ambition at the common mart,
        And let dull failure be my vestiture,
          And sorrow dig its grave within my heart.

        Perchance it may be better so- at least
          I have not made my heart a heart of stone,
        Nor starved my boyhood of its goodly feast,
          Nor walked where Beauty is a thing unknown.

        Many a man hath done so; sought to fence
          In straitened bonds the soul that should be free,
        Trodden the dusty road of common sense,
          While all the forest sang of liberty,

        Not marking how the spotted hawk in flight
          Passed on wide pinion through the lofty air,
        To where the steep untrodden mountain height
          Caught the last tresses of the Sun God's hair.

        Or how the little flower he trod upon,
          The daisy, that white-feathered shield of gold,
        Followed with wistful eyes the wandering sun
          Content if once its leaves were aureoled.

        But surely it is something to have been
          The best beloved for a little while,
        To have walked hand in hand with Love, and seen
          His purple wings flit once across thy smile.

        Ay! though the gorged asp of passion feed
          On my boy's heart, yet have I burst the bars,
        Stood face to face with Beauty, known indeed
          The Love which moves the Sun and all the stars!
                     QUIA MULTUM AMAVI

        Dear heart I think the young impassioned priest
          When first he takes from out the hidden shrine
        His God imprisoned in the Eucharist,
          And eats the Bread, and drinks the Dreadful Wine,

        Feels not such awful wonder as I felt
          When first my smitten eyes beat full on thee,
        And all night long before thy feet I knelt
          Till thou wert wearied of Idolatry.

        Ah! had'st thou liked me less and loved me more,
          Through all those summer days of joy and rain,
        I had not now been sorrow's heritor,
          Or stood a lackey in the House of Pain.

        Yet, though remorse, youth's white-faced seneschal
          Tread on my heels with all his retinue,
        I am most glad I loved thee- think of all
          The sums that go to make one speedwell blue!
                    SILENTIUM AMORIS

        As oftentimes the too resplendent sun
          Hurries the pallid and reluctant moon
        Back to her sombre cave, ere she hath won
          A single ballad from the nightingale,
          So doth thy Beauty make my lips to fail,
        And all my sweetest singing out of tune.

        And as at dawn across the level mead
          On wings impetuous some wind will come,
        And with its too harsh kisses break the reed
          Which was its only instrument of song,
          So my too stormy passions work me wrong,
        And for excess of Love my Love is dumb.

        But surely unto thee mine eyes did show
          Why I am silent, and my lute unstrung;
        Else it were better we should part, and go,
          Thou to some lips of sweeter melody,
          And I to nurse the barren memory
        Of unkissed kisses, and songs never sung.
                      HER VOICE

        The wild bee reels from bough to bough
          With his furry coat and his gauzy wing.
        Now in a lily-cup, and now
          Setting a jacinth bell a-swing,
          In his wandering;
        Sit closer love: it was here I trow
        I made that vow,

        Swore that two lives should be like one
        As long as the sea-gull loved the sea,
        As long as the sunflower sought the sun-
          It shall be, I said, for eternity
          'Twixt you and me!
        Dear friend, those times are over and done,
        Love's web is spun.

        Look upward where the poplar trees
          Sway and sway in the summer air,
        Here in the valley never a breeze
          Scatters the thistledowns, but there
          Great winds blow fair
        From the mighty murmuring mystical seas,
        And the wave-lashed leas.

        Look upward where the white gull screams
          What does it see that we do not see?
        Is that a star? or the lamp that gleams
          On some outward voyaging argosy,-
          Ah! can it be
        We have lived our lives in land of dreams!
        How sad it seems.

        Sweet, there is nothing left to say
          But this, that love is never lost.
        Keen winter stabs the breasts of May
          Whose crimson roses burst his frost,
          Ships tempest-tossed
        Will find a harbour in some bay,
        And so we may.

        And there is nothing left to do
          But to kiss once again, and part,
        Nay, there is nothing we should rue,
          I have my beauty,- you your Art.
          Nay, do not start,
        One world was not enough for two
        Like me and you.
                       MY VOICE

        Within this restless, hurried, modern world
          We took our heart's full pleasure- You and I,
        And now the white sails of our ship are furled,
          And spent the lading of our argosy.

        Wherefore my cheeks before their time are wan,
          For very weeping is my gladness fled
        Sorrow hath paled my lip's vermilion,
          And Ruin draws the curtains of my bed.

        But all this crowded life has been to thee
          No more than lyre, or lute, or subtle spell
        Of viols, or the music of the sea
          That sleeps, a mimic echo, in the shell.
                      TAEDIUM VITAE

        To stab my youth with desperate knife, to wear
          This paltry age's gaudy livery,
          To let each base hand filch my treasury,
        To mesh my soul within a woman's hair,
        And be mere Fortune's lackeyed groom,- I swear,
          I love it not! these things are less to me
          Than the thin foam that frets upon the sea,
        Less than the thistle-down of summer air
          Which hath no seed: better to stand aloof
        Far from these slanderous fools who mock my life
          Knowing me not, better the lowliest roof
        Fit for the meanest hind to sojourn in,
        Than to go back to that hoarse cave of strife
        Where my white soul first kissed the mouth of sin.                               THE GARDEN OF EROS

    It is full summer now, the heart of June,
      Not yet the sun-burnt reapers are a-stir
    Upon the upland meadow where too soon
      Rich autumn time, the season's usurer,
    Will lend his hoarded gold to all the trees,
    And see his treasure scattered by the wild and
        spendthrift breeze.

    Too soon indeed! yet here the daffodil,
      That love-child of the Spring, has lingered on
    To vex the rose with jealousy, and still
      The harebell spreads her azure pavilion,
    And like a strayed and wandering reveller
    Abandoned of its brothers, whom long since June's
        messenger

    The missel-thrush has frighted from the glade,
      One pale narcissus loiters fearfully
    Close to a shadowy nook, where half afraid
      Of their own loveliness some violets lie
    That will not look the gold sun in the face
    For fear of too much splendour,- ah! methinks
        it is a place

    Which should be trodden by Persephone
      When wearied of the flowerless fields of Dis!
    Or danced on by the lads of Arcady!
      The hidden secret of eternal bliss
    Known to the Grecian here a man might find,
    Ah! you and I may find it now if Love and Sleep
        be kind.

    There are the flowers which mourning Herakles
      Strewed on the tomb of Hylas, columbine,
    Its white doves all a-flutter where the breeze
      Kissed them too harshly, the small celandine,
    That yellow-kirtled chorister of eve,
    And lilac lady's-smock,- but let them bloom alone
        and leave

    Yon spired holly-hock red-crocketed
      To sway its silent chimes, else must the bee,
    Its little bell-ringer, go seek instead
      Some other pleasaunce; the anemone
    That weeps at daybreak, like a silly girl
    Before her love, and hardly lets the butterflies
        unfurl

    Their painted wings beside it,- bid it pine
      In pale virginity; the winter snow
    Will suit it better than those lips of thine
      Whose fires would but scorch it, rather go
    And pluck that amorous flower which blooms alone,
    Fed by the pander wind with dust of kisses not its own.

    The trumpet-mouths of red convolvulus
      So dear to maidens, creamery meadow-sweet
    Whiter than Juno's throat and odorous
      As all Arabia, hyacinths the feet
    Of Huntress Dian would be loath to mar
    For any dappled fawn,- pluck these, and those fond
        flowers which are

    Fairer than what Queen Venus trod upon
      Beneath the pines of Ida, eucharis,
    That morning star which does not dread the sun,
      And budding marjoram which but to kiss
    Would sweeten Cytheraea's lips and make
    Adonis jealous,- these for thy head,- and for thy
        girdle take

    Yon curving spray of purple clematis
      Whose gorgeous dye outflames the Tyrian King,
    And fox-gloves with their nodding chalices,
      But that one narciss which the startled Spring
    Let from her kirtle fall when first she heard
    In her own woods the wild tempestuous song of
        summer's bird,

    Ah! leave it for a subtle memory
      Of those sweet tremulous days of rain and sun,
    When April laughed between her tears to see
      The early primrose with shy footsteps run
    From the gnarled oak-tree roots till all the wold,
    Spite of its brown and trampled leaves, grew bright
        with shimmering gold.

    Nay, pluck it too, it is not half so sweet
      As thou thyself, my soul's idolatry!
    And when thou art a-wearied at thy feet
      Shall oxlips weave their brightest tapestry,
    For thee the woodbine shall forget its pride
    And veil its tangled whorls, and thou shalt walk
        on daisies pied.

    And I will cut a reed by yonder spring
      And make the wood-gods jealous, and old Pan
    Wonder what young intruder dares to sing
      In these still haunts, where never foot of man
    Should tread at evening, lest he chance to spy
    The marble limbs of Artemis and all her company.

    And I will tell you why the jacinth wears
      Such dread embroidery of dolorous moan,
    And why the hapless nightingale forbears
      To sing her song at noon, but weeps alone
    When the fleet swallow sleeps, and rich men feast,
    And why the laurel trembles when she sees the
        lightening east.

    And I will sing how sad Proserpina
      Unto a grave and gloomy Lord was wed,
    And lure the silver-breasted Helena
      Back from the lotus meadows of the dead,
    So shalt thou see that awful loveliness
    For which two mighty Hosts met fearfully in
        war's abyss!

    And then I'll pipe to thee that Grecian tale
      How Cynthia loves the lad Endymion,
    And hidden in a gray and misty veil
      Hies to the cliffs of Latmos, once the Sun
    Leaps from his ocean bed, in fruitless chase
    Of those pale flying feet which fade away in
        his embrace.

    And if my flute can breathe sweet melody,
      We may behold Her face who long ago
    Dwelt among men by the Aegean sea,
      And whose sad house with pillaged portico
    And friezeless wall and columns toppled down
    Looms o'er the ruins of that fair and
        violet-cinctured town.

    Spirit of Beauty! tarry still a-while,
      They are not dead, thine ancient votaries,
    Some few there are to whom thy radiant smile
      Is better than a thousand victories,
    Though all the nobly slain of Waterloo
    Rise up in wrath against them! tarry still,
        there are a few,

    Who for thy sake would give their manlihood
      And consecrate their being, I at least
    Have done so, made thy lips my daily food,
      And in thy temples found a goodlier feast
    Than this starved age can give me, spite of all
    Its new-found creeds so skeptical and so dogmatical.

    Here not Cephissos, not Ilissos flows,
      The woods of white Colonos are not here,
    On our bleak hills the olive never blows,
      No simple priest conducts his lowing steer
    Up the steep marble way, nor through the town
    Do laughing maidens bear to thee the crocus-flowered
        gown.

    Yet tarry! for the boy who loved thee best,
      Whose very name should be a memory
    To make thee linger, sleeps in silent rest
      Beneath the Roman walls, and melody
    Still mourns her sweetest lyre, none can play
    The lute of Adonais, with his lips Song passed away.

    Nay, when Keats died the Muses still had left
      One silver voice to sing his threnody,
    But ah! too soon of it we were bereft
      When on that riven night and stormy sea
    Panthea claimed her singer as her own,
    And slew the mouth that praised her; since which
        time we walk alone,

    Save for that fiery heart, that morning star
      Of re-arisen England, whose clear eye
    Saw from our tottering throne and waste of war
      The grand Greek limbs of young Democracy
    Rise mightily like Hesperus and bring
    The great Republic! him at least thy love hath
        taught to sing,

    And he hath been thee at Thessaly,
      And seen white Atalanta fleet of foot
    In passionless and fierce virginity
      Hunting the tusked boar, his honeyed lute
    Hath pierced the cavern of the hollow hill,
    And Venus laughs to the one knee will bow before
        her still.

    And he hath kissed the one of Proserpine,
      And sung the Galilaean's requiem,
    That wounded forehead dashed with blood and wine
      He hath discrowned, the Ancient Gods in him
    Have found their last, most ardent worshipper,
    And the Sign grows gray and dim before its conqueror

    Spirit of Beauty! tarry with us still,
      It is not quenched the torch of poesy,
    The star that shook above the Eastern hill
      Holds unassailed its argent armory
    From all the gathering gloom and fretful fight-
    O tarry with us still! for through the long and
        common night,

    Morris, our sweet and simple Chaucer's child,
      Dear heritor of Spenser's tuneful reed,
    With soft and sylvan pipe has oft beguiled
      The weary soul of man in troublous need,
    And from the far and flowerless fields of ice
    Has brought fair flowers meet to make an earthly
        paradise.

    We know them all, Gudrun the strong man's bride,
      Aslaug and Olafson we know them all,
    How giant Grettir fought and Sigurd died,
      And what enchantment held the king in thrall
    When lonely Brynhild wrestled with the powers
    That war against all passion, ah! how oft through
        summer hours,

    Long listless summer hours when the noon
      Being enamored of a damask rose
    Forgets to journey westward, till the moon
      The pale usurper of its tribute grows
    From a thin sickle to a silver shield
    And chides its loitering car- how oft, in
        some cool grassy field

    Far from the cricket-ground and noisy eight
      At Bagley, where the rustling bluebells come
    Almost before the blackbird finds a mate
      And overstay the swallow, and the hum
    Of many murmuring bees flits through the leaves,
    Have I lain poring on the dreamy tales his fancy weaves,

    And through their unreal woes and mimic pain
      Wept for myself, and so was purified,
    And in their simple mirth grew glad again;
      For as I sailed upon that pictured tide
    The strength and splendour of the storm was mine
    Without the storm's red ruin, for the singer is divine.

    The little laugh of water falling down
      Is not so musical, the clammy gold
    Close hoarded in the tiny waxen town
      Has less of sweetness in it, and the old
    Half-withered reeds that waved in Arcady
    Touched by his lips break forth again to
        fresher harmony.

    Spirit of Beauty tarry yet a-while!
      Although the cheating merchants of the mart
    With iron roads profane our lovely isle,
      And break on whirring wheels the limbs of Art,
    Ay! though the crowded factories beget
    The blind-worm Ignorance that slays the soul,
        O tarry yet!

    For One at least there is,- He bears his name
      From Dante and the seraph Gabriel,-
    Whose double laurels burn with deathless flame
      To light thine altar; He too loves thee well
    Who saw old Merlin lured in Vivien's snare,
    And the white feet of angels coming down the
        golden stair,

    Loves thee so well, that all the world for him
      A gorgeous-colored vestiture must wear,
    And Sorrow take a purple diadem,
      Or else be no more Sorrow, and Despair
    Gild its own thorns, and Pain, like Adon, be
    Even in anguish beautiful;- such is the empery

    Which painters hold, and such the heritage
      This gentle, solemn Spirit doth possess,
    Being a better mirror of his age
      In all his pity, love, and weariness,
    Than those who can but copy common things,
    And leave the soul unpainted with its mighty
        questionings.

    But they are few, and all romance has flown,
      And men can prophesy about the sun,
    And lecture on his arrows- how, alone,
      Through a waste void the soulless atoms run,
    How from each tree its weeping nymph has fled,
    And that no more 'mid English reeds a Naiad shows
        her head.

    Methinks these new actaeons boast too soon
      That they have spied on beauty; what if we
    Have analysed the rainbow, robbed the moon
      Of her most ancient, chastest mystery,
    Shall I, the last Endymion, lose all hope
    Because rude eyes peer at my mistress through
        a telescope!

    What profit if this scientific age
      Burst through our gates with all its retinue
    Of modern miracles! Can it assuage
      One lover's breaking heart? what can it do
    To make one life more beautiful, one day
    More god-like in its period? but now the Age of Clay

    Returns in horrid cycle, and the earth
      Hath borne again a noisy progeny
    Of ignorant Titans, whose ungodly birth
      Hurls them against the august hierarchy
    Which sat upon Olympus, to the Dust
    They have appealed, and to that barren arbiter
        they must

    Repair for judgment, let them, if they can,
      From Natural Warfare and insensate Chance,
    Create the new ideal rule for man!
      Methinks that was not my inheritance;
    For I was nurtured otherwise, my soul
    Passes from higher heights of life to a more
        supreme goal.

    Lo! while we spake the earth did turn away
      Her visage from the God, and Hecate's boat
    Rose silver-laden, till the jealous day
      Blew all its torches out: I did not note
    The waning hours, to young Endymions
    Time's palsied fingers count in vain his
        rosary of suns!-

    Mark how the yellow iris wearily
      Leans back its throat, as though it would be kissed
    By its false chamberer, the dragon-fly,
      Who, like a blue vein on a girl's white wrist,
    Sleeps on that snowy primrose of the night,
    Which 'gins to flush with crimson shame, and die
        beneath the light.

    Come let us go, against the pallid shield
      Of the wan sky the almond blossoms gleam,
    The corn-crake nested in the unmown field
      Answers its mate, across the misty stream
    On fitful wing the startled curlews fly,
    And in his sedgy bed the lark, for joy that Day
        is nigh,

    Scatters the pearled dew from off the grass,
      In tremulous ecstasy to greet the sun,
    Who soon in gilded panoply will pass
      Forth from yon orange-curtained pavilion
    Hung in the burning east, see, the red rim
    O'ertops the expectant hills! it is the God!
        for love of him

    Already the shrill lark is out of sight,
      Flooding with waves of song this silent dell,-
    Ah! there is something more in that bird's flight
      Than could be tested in a crucible!-
    But the air freshens, let us go,- why soon
    The woodmen will be here; how we have lived this
        night of June!                                      
    It is full winter now: the trees are bare,
      Save where the cattle huddle from the cold
    Beneath the pine, for it doth never wear
      The Autumn's gaudy livery whose gold
    Her jealous brother pilfers, but is true
    To the green doublet; bitter is the wind, as
        though it blew

    From Saturn's cave; a few thin wisps of hay
      Lie on the sharp black hedges, where the wain
    Dragged the sweet pillage of a summer's day
      From the low meadows up the narrow lane;
    Upon the half-thawed snow the bleating sheep
    Press close against the hurdles, and the shivering
        housedogs creep

    From the shut stable to the frozen stream
      And back again disconsolate, and miss
    The bawling shepherds and the noisy team;
      And overhead in circling listlessness
    The cawing rooks whirl round the frosted stack,
    Or crowd the dripping boughs; and in the fen the
        ice-pools crack

    Where the gaunt bittern stalks among the reeds
      And flaps his wings, and stretches back his neck,
    And hoots to see the moon; across the meads
      Limps the poor frightened hare, a little speck;
    And a stray seamew with its fretful cry
    Flits like a sudden drift of snow against the dull
        gray sky.

    Full winter: and a lusty goodman brings
      His load of faggots from the chilly byre,
    And stamps his feet upon the hearth, and flings
      The sappy billets on the waning fire,
    And laughs to see the sudden lightning scare
    His children at their play; and yet,- the Spring
        is in the air,

    Already the slim crocus stirs the snow,
      And soon yon blanched fields will bloom again
    With nodding cowslips for some lad to mow,
      For with the first warm kisses of the rain
    The winter's icy, sorrow breaks to tears,
    And the brown thrushes mate, and with bright eyes
        the rabbit peers

    From the dark warren where the fir-cones lie,
      And treads one snowdrop under foot and runs
    Over the mossy knoll, and blackbirds fly
      Across our path at evening, and the suns
    Stay longer with us; ah! how good to see
    Grass-girdled Spring in all her joy of laughing
        greenery

    Dance through the hedges till the early rose,
      (That sweet repentance of the thorny briar!)
    Burst from its sheathed emerald and disclose
      The little quivering disk of golden fire
    Which the bees know so well, for with it come
    Pale boy's love, sops-in-wine, and daffodillies
        all in bloom.

    Then up and down the field the sower goes,
      While close behind the laughing younker scares,
    With shrilly whoop the black and thievish crows.
      And then the chestnut-tree its glory wears,
    And on the grass the creamy blossom falls
    In odorous excess, and faint half-whispered madrigals

    Steal from the bluebells' nodding carillons
      Each breezy morn, and then white jessamine,
    That star of its own heaven, snap-dragons
      With lolling crimson tongues, and eglantine
    In dusty velvets clad usurp the bed
    And woodland empery, and when the lingering rose
        hath shed

    Red leaf by leaf its folded panoply,
      And pansies closed their purple-lidded eyes,
    Chrysanthemums from gilded argosy
      Unload their gaudy scentless merchandise
    And violets getting overbold withdraw
    From their shy nooks, and scarlet berries dot
        the leafless haw.

    O happy field! and O thrice happy tree!
      Soon will your queen in daisy-flowered smock,
    And crown of flower-de-luce trip down the lea,
      Soon will the lazy shepherds drive their flock
    Back to the pasture by the pool, and soon
    Through the green leaves will float the hum of
        murmuring bees at noon.

    Soon will the glade be bright with bellamour,
      The flower which wantons love, and those sweet nuns
    Vale-lilies in their snowy vestiture
      Will tell their bearded pearls, and carnations
    With mitred dusky leaves will scent the wind,
    And straggling traveller's joy each hedge with yellow
        stars will bind.

    Dear Bride of Nature and most bounteous Spring!
      That can'st give increase to the sweet-breath'd kine,
    And to the kid its little horns, and bring
      The soft and silky blossoms to the vine,
    Where is that old nepenthe which of yore
    Man got from poppy root and glossy-berried mandragore!

    There was a time when any common bird
      Could make me sing in unison, a time
    When all the strings of boyish life were stirred
      To quick response or more melodious rhyme
    By every forest idyll;- do I change?
    Or rather doth some evil thing through thy fair
        pleasaunce range?

    Nay, nay, thou art the same: 'tis I who seek
      To vex with sighs thy simple solitude,
    And because fruitless tears bedew my cheek
      Would have thee weep with me in brotherhood;
    Fool! shall each wronged and restless spirit dare
    To taint such wine with the salt poison of his
        own despair!

    Thou art the same: 'tis I whose wretched soul
      Takes discontent to be its paramour,
    And gives its kingdom to the rude control
      Of what should be its servitor,- for sure
    Wisdom is somewhere, though the stormy sea
    Contain it not, and the huge deep answer
        "'Tis not in me."

    To burn with one clear flame, to stand erect
      In natural honor, not to bend the knee
    In profitless prostrations whose effect
      Is by, itself condemned, what alchemy
    Can teach me this? what herb Medea brewed
    Will bring the unexultant peace of essence
        not subdued?

    The minor chord which ends the harmony,
      And for its answering brother waits in vain,
    Sobbing for incompleted melody
      Dies a swan's death; but I the heir of pain
    A silent Memnon with blank lidless eyes
    Wait for the light and music of those suns which
        never rise.

    The quanched-out torch, the lonely cypress-gloom,
      The little dust stored in the narrow urn,
    The gentle XAIPE of the Attic tomb,-
      Were not these better far than to return
    To my old fitful restless malady,
    Or spend my days within the voiceless cave of misery?

    Nay! for perchance that poppy-crowned God
      Is like the watcher by a sick man's bed
    Who talks of sleep but gives it not; his rod
      Hath lost its virtue, and, when all is said,
    Death is too rude, too obvious a key
    To solve one single secret in a life's philosophy.

    And love! that noble madness, whose august
      And inextinguishable might can slay
    The soul with honeyed drugs,- alas! I must
      From such sweet ruin play the runaway,
    Although too constant memory never can
    Forget the arched splendor of those brows Olympian

    Which for a little season made my youth
      So soft a swoon of exquisite indolence
    That all the chiding of more prudent Truth
      Seemed the thin voice of jealousy,- O Hence
    Thou huntress deadlier than Artemis!
    Go seek some other quarry! for of thy too perilous
        bliss

    My lips have drunk enough,- no more, no more,-
      Though Love himself should turn his gilded prow
    Back to the troubled waters of this shore
      Where I am wrecked and stranded, even now
    The chariot wheels of passion sweep too near,
    Hence! Hence! I pass unto a life more barren,
        more austere.

    More barren- ay, those arms will never lean
      Down through the trellised vines and draw my soul
    In sweet reluctance through the tangled green;
      Some other head must wear that aureole,
    For I am Hers who loves not any man
    Whose white and stainless bosom bears the sign
        Gorgonian.

    Let Venus go and chuck her dainty page,
      And kiss his mouth, and toss his curly hair,
    With net and spear and hunting equipage
      Let young Adonis to his tryst repair,
    But me her fond and subtle-fashioned spell
    Delights no more, though I could win her
        dearest citadel.

    Ay, though I were that laughing shepherd boy
      Who from Mount Ida saw the little cloud
    Pass over Tenedos and lofty Troy
      And knew the coming of the Queen, and bowed
    In wonder at her feet, not for the sake
    Of a new Helen would I bid her hand the apple take.

    Then rise supreme Athena argent-limbed!
      And, if my lips be musicless, inspire
    At least my life: was not thy glory hymned
      By one who gave to thee his sword and lyre
    Like Aeschylus at well-fought Marathon,
    And died to show that Milton's England still
        could bear a son!

    And yet I cannot tread the portico
      And live without desire, fear and pain,
    Or nurture that wise calm which long ago
      The grave Athenian master taught to men,
    Self-poised, self-centered, and self-comforted,
    To watch the world's vain phantasies go by with
        unbowed head.

    Alas! that serene brow, those eloquent lips,
      Those eyes that mirrored all eternity,
    Rest in their own Colonos, an eclipse
      Hath come on Wisdom, and Mnemosyne
    Is childless; in the night which she had made
    For lofty secure flight Athena's owl itself
        hath strayed.

    Nor much with Science do I care to climb,
      Although by strange and subtle witchery
    She draw the moon from heaven: the Muse of Time
      Unrolls her gorgeous-colored tapestry
    To no less eager eyes; often indeed
    In the great epic of Polymnia's scroll I love
        to read

    How Asia sent her myriad hosts to war
      Against a little town, and panoplied
    In gilded mail with jewelled scimetar,
      White-shielded, purple-crested, rode the Mede
    Between the waving poplars and the sea
    Which men call Artemisium, till he saw Thermopylae

    Its steep ravine spanned by a narrow wall,
      And on the nearer side a little brood
    Of careless lions holding festival!
      And stood amazed at such hardihood,
    And pitched his tent upon the reedy shore,
    And stayed two days to wonder, and then crept
        at midnight o'er

    Some unfrequented height, and coming down
      The autumn forests treacherously slew
    What Sparta held most dear and was the crown
      Of far Eurotas, and passed on, nor knew
    How God had staked an evil net for him
    In the small bay of Salamis,- and yet,
        the page grows dim.

    Its cadenced Greek delights me not, I feel
      With such a goodly time too out of tune
    To love it much: for like the Dial's wheel
      That from its blinded darkness strikes the noon
    Yet never sees the sun, so do my eyes
    Restlessly follow that which from my cheated
        vision flies.

    O for one grand unselfish simple life
      To teach us what is Wisdom! speak ye hills
    Of lone Helvellyn, for this note of strife
      Shunned your untroubled crags and crystal rills,
    Where is that Spirit which living blamelessly
    Yet dared to kiss the smitten mouth of his own century!

    Speak ye Ridalian laurels! where is He
      Whose gentle head ye sheltered, that pure soul
    Whose gracious days of uncrowned majesty
      Through lowliest conduct touched the lofty goal
    Where Love and Duty mingle! Him at least
    The most high Laws were glad of, he had sat at
        Wisdom's feast,

    But we are Learning's changelings, known by rote
      The clarion watchword of each Grecian school
    And follow none, the flawless sword which smote
      The pagan Hydra is an effete tool
    Which we ourselves have blunted, what man now
    Shall scale the august ancient heights and to
        old Reverence bow?

    One such indeed I saw, but, Ichabod!
      Gone is that last dear son of Italy,
    Who being man died for the sake of God,
      And whose unrisen bones sleep peacefully.
    O guard him, guard him well, my Giotto's tower,
    Thou marble lily of the lily town! let not the lower

    Of the rude tempest vex his slumber, or
      The Arno with its tawny troubled gold
    O'erleap its marge, no mightier conqueror
      Clomb the high Capitol in the days of old
    When Rome was indeed Rome, for Liberty
    Walked like a Bride beside him, at which
        sight pale Mystery

    Fled shrieking to her furthest somberest cell
      With an old man who grabbled rusty keys,
    Fled shuddering for that immemorial knell
      With which oblivion buries dynasties
    Swept like a wounded eagle on the blast,
    As to the holy heart of Rome the great triumvir passed.

    He knew the holiest heart and heights of Rome,
      He drave the base wolf from the lion's lair,
    And now lies dead by that empyreal dome
      Which overtops Valdarno hung in air
    By Brunelleschi- O Melpomene
    Breathe through thy melancholy pipe thy
        sweetest threnody!

    Breathe through the tragic stops such melodies
      That Joy's self may grow jealous, and the Nine
    Forget a-while their discreet emperies,
      Mourning for him who on Rome's lordliest shrine
    Lit for men's lives the light of Marathon,
    And bare to sun-forgotten fields the fire of the sun!

    O guard him, guard him well, my Giotto's tower,
      Let some young Florentine each eventide
    Bring coronals of that enchanted flower
      Which the dim woods of Vallombrosa hide,
    And deck the marble tomb wherein he lies
    Whose soul is as some mighty orb unseen of
        mortal eyes.

    Some mighty orb whose cycled wanderings,
      Being tempest-driven to the furthest rim
    Where Chaos meets Creation and the wings
      Of the eternal chanting Cherubim
    Are pavilioned on Nothing, passed away
    Into a moonless void- and yet, though he is
        dust and clay,

    He is not dead, the immemorial Fates
      Forbid it, and the closing shears refrain,
    Lift up your heads ye everlasting gates!
      Ye argent clarions sound a loftier strain!
    For the vile thing he hated lurks within
    Its sombre house, alone with God and memories of sin.

    Still what avails it that she sought her cave
      That murderous mother of red harlotries?
    At Munich on the marble architrave
      The Grecian boys die smiling, but the seas
    Which wash Aegina fret in loneliness
    Not mirroring their beauty, so our lives grow
        colourless

    For lack of our ideals, if one star
      Flame torch-like in the heavens the unjust
    Swift daylight kills it, and no trump of war
      Can wake to passionate voice the silent dust
    Which was Mazzini once! rich Niobe
    For all her stony sorrows hath her sons, but Italy!

    What Easter Day shall make her children rise,
      Who were not Gods yet suffered, what sure feet
    Shall find their graveclothes folded? what clear eyes
      Shall see them bodily? O it were meet
    To roll the stone from off the sepulchre
    And kiss the bleeding roses of their wounds,
        in love of Her

    Our Italy! our mother visible!
      Most blessed among nations and most sad,
    For whose dear sake the young Calabrian fell
      That day at Aspromonte and was glad
    That in an age when God was bought and sold
    One man could die for Liberty! but we, burnt
        out and cold,

    See Honour smitten on the cheek and gyves
      Bind the sweet feet of Mercy: Poverty
    Creeps through our sunless lanes and with sharp knives
      Cuts the warm throats of children stealthily,
    And no word said:- O we are wretched men
    Unworthy of our great inheritance! where is the pen

    Of austere Milton? where the mighty sword
      Which slew its master righteously? the years
    Have lost their ancient leader, and no word
      Breaks from the voiceless tripod on our ears;
    While as a ruined mother in some spasm
    Bears a base child and loathes it, so our best
        enthusiasm

    Genders unlawful children, Anarchy
      Freedom's own Judas, the vile prodigal
    License who steals the gold of Liberty
      And yet nothing, Ignorance the real
    One Fratricide since Cain, Envy the asp
    That stings itself to anguish, Avarice whose
        palsied grasp

    Is in its extent stiffened, moneyed Greed
      For whose dull appetite men waste away
    Amid the whirr of wheels and are the seed
      Of things which slay their sower, these each day
    Sees rife in England, and the gentle feet
    Of Beauty tread no more the stones of each unlovely
        street.

    What even Cromwell spared is desecrated
      By weed and worm, left to the stormy play
    Of wind and beating snow, or renovated
      By more destructful hands: Time's worst decay
    Will wreathe its ruins with some loveliness,
    But these new Vandals can but make a rainproof
        barrenness.

    Where is that Art which bade the Angels sing
      Through Lincoln's lofty choir, till the air
    Seems from such marble harmonies to ring
      With sweeter song than common lips can dare
    To draw from actual reed? ah! where is now
    The cunning hand which made the flowering
        hawthorn branches bow

    For Southwell's arch, and carved the House of One
      Who loved the lilies of the field with all
    Our dearest English flowers? the same sun
      Rises for us: the season's natural
    Weave the same tapestry of green and gray:
    The unchanged hills are with us: but that
        Spirit hath passed away.

    And yet perchance it may be better so,
      For Tyranny is an incestuous Queen,
    Murder her brother is her bedfellow,
      And the Plague chambers with her: in obscene
    And bloody paths her treacherous feet are set;
    Better the empty desert and a soul inviolate!

    For gentle brotherhood, the harmony
      Of living in the healthful air, the swift
    Clean beauty of strong limbs when men are free
      And women chaste, these are the things which lift
    Our souls up more than even Agnolo's
    Gaunt blinded Sibyl poring o'er the scroll of human woes,

    Or Titian's little maiden on the stair
      White as her own sweet lily and as tall,
    Or Mona Lisa smiling through her hair,-
      Ah! somehow life is bigger after all
    Than any painted angel could we see
    The God that is within us! The old Greek serenity

    Which curbs the passion of that level line
      Of marble youths, who with untroubled eyes
    And chastened limbs ride round Athena's shrine
      And mirror her divine economies,
    And balanced symmetry of what in man
    Would else wage ceaseless warfare,- this at least
        within the span

    Between our mother's kisses and the grave
      Might so inform our lives, that we could win
    Such mighty empires that from her cave
      Temptation would grow hoarse, and pallid Sin
    Would walk ashamed of his adulteries,
    And Passion creep from out the House of Lust
        with startled eyes.

    To make the Body and the Spirit one
      With all right things, till no thing live in vain
    From morn to noon, but in sweet unison
      With every pulse of flesh and throb of pain
    The Soul in flawless essence high enthroned,
    Against all outer vain attack invincibly bastioned,

    Mark with serene impartiality
      The strife of things, and yet be comforted,
    Knowing that by the chain causality
      All separate existences are wed
    Into one supreme whole, whose utterance
    Is joy, or holier praise! ah! surely this
        were governance

    Of life in most august omnipresence,
      Through which the rational intellect would find
    In passion its expression, and mere sense
      Ignoble else, lend fire to the mind,
    And being joined with it in harmony
    More mystical than that which binds the stars planetary

    Strike from their several tones one octave chord
      Whose cadence being measureless would fly
    Through all the circling spheres, then to its Lord
      Return refreshed with its new empery
    And more exultant power,- this indeed
    Could we but reach it were to find the last,
        the perfect creed.

    Ah! it was easy when the world was young
      To keep one's life free and inviolate,
    From our sad lips another song is rung,
      By our own hands our heads are desecrate,
    Wanderers in drear exile and dispossessed
    Of what should be our own, we can but feed
        on wild unrest.

    Somehow the grace, the bloom of things has flown,
      And of all men we are most wretched who
    Must live each other's lives and not our own
      For very pity's sake and then undo
    All that we live for- it was otherwise
    When soul and body seemed to blend in mystic
        symphonies.

    But we have left those gentle haunts to pass
      With weary feet to the new Calvary,
    Where we behold, as one who in a glass
      Sees his own face, self-slain Humanity,
    And in the dumb reproach of that sad gaze
    Learn what an awful phantom the red hand of
        man can raise.

    O smitten mouth! O forehead crowned with thorn!
      O chalice of all common miseries!
    Thou for our sakes that loved thee not hast borne
      An agony of endless centuries,
    And we were vain and ignorant nor knew
    That when we stabbed thy heart it was our own real
        hearts we slew.

    Being ourselves the sowers and the seeds,
      The night that covers and the lights that fade,
    The spear that pierces and the side that bleeds,
      The lips betraying and the life betrayed;
    The deep hath calm: the moon hath rest: but we
    Lords of the natural world are yet our own dread enemy.

    Is this the end of all that primal force
      Which, in its changes being still the same,
    From eyeless Chaos cleft its upward course,
      Through ravenous seas and whirling rocks and flame,
    Till the suns met in heaven and began
    Their cycles, and the morning stars sang, and the
        Word was Man!

    Nay, nay, we are but crucified, and though
      The bloody sweat falls from our brows like rain,
    Loosen the nails- we shall come down I know,
      Stanch the red wounds- we shall be whole again,
    No need have we of hyssop-laden rod,
    That which is purely human that is Godlike that is God.                To My Friend Henry Irving

        The silent room, the heavy creeping shade,
          The dead that travel fast, the opening door,
          The murdered brother rising through the floor,
        The ghost's white fingers on thy shoulders laid,
        And then the lonely duel in the glade,
          The broken swords, the stifled scream, the gore,
          Thy grand revengeful eyes when all is o'er,-
        These things are well enough,- but thou wert made
        For more august creation! frenzied Lear
          Should at thy bidding wander on the heath
          With the shrill fool to mock him, Romeo
        For thee should lure his love, and desperate fear
          Pluck Richard's recreant dagger from its sheath-
          Thou trumpet set for Shakespeare's lips to blow!
                           PHEDRE
                      To Sarah Bernhardt

        How vain and dull this common world must seem
          To such a One as thou, who should'st have talked
          At Florence with Mirandola, or walked
        Through the cool olives of the Academe:
        Thou should'st have gathered reeds from a green stream
          For goat-foot Pan's shrill piping, and have played
          With the white girls in that Phaeacian glade
        Where grave Odysseus wakened from his dream.

        Ah! surely once some urn of Attic clay
          Held thy wan dust, and thou hast come again
          Back to this common world so dull and vain,
        For thou wert weary of the sunless day,
          The heavy fields of scentless asphodel,
          The loveless lips with which men kiss in Hell.
                   I. - PORTIA
                  To Ellen Terry

        I marvel not Bassanio was so bold
          To peril all he had upon the lead,
          Or that proud Aragon bent low his head,
        Or that Morocco's fiery heart grew cold:
        For in that gorgeous dress of beaten gold
          Which is more golden than the golden sun,
          No woman Veronese looked upon
        Was half so fair as thou whom I behold.
        Yet fairer when with wisdom as your shield
        The sober-suited lawyer's gown you donned
        And would not let the laws of Venice yield
          Antonio's heart to that accursed Jew-
          O Portia! take my heart; it is thy due:
        I think I will not quarrel with bond.
             II. - QUEEN HENRIETTA MARIA
                    To Ellen Terry

        In the lone tent, waiting for victory,
          She stands with eyes marred by the mists of pain,
          Like some wan lily overdrenched with rain;
        The clamorous clang of arms, the ensanguined sky,
        War's ruin, and the wreck of chivalry,
          To her proud soul no common fear can bring:
          Bravely she tarrieth for her Lord the King,
        Her soul a-flame with passionate ecstasy.
        O Hair of Gold! O crimson lips! O Face
          Made for the luring and the love of man!
          With thee I do forget the toil and stress.
        The loveless road that knows no resting place,
          Time's straitened pulse, the soul's dread weariness,
          My freedom and my life republican!
                        CAMMA
                    To Ellen Terry

        As one who poring on a Grecian urn
          Scans the fair shapes some Attic hand hath made,
          God with slim goddess, goodly man with maid,
        And for their beauty's sake is loath to turn
        And face the obvious day, must I not yearn
          For many a secret moon of indolent bliss,
          When is the midmost shrine of Artemis
        I see thee standing, antique-limbed, and stern?

        And yet- methinks I'd rather see thee play
          That serpent of old Nile, whose witchery
        Made Emperors drunken,- come, great Egypt, shake
        Our stage with all thy mimic pageants! Nay,
          I am growing sick of unreal passions, make
        The world thine Actium, me thine Anthony!                                     
               THE TRUE KNOWLEDGE

        Thou knowest all- I seek in vain
          What lands to till or sow with seed-
          The land is black with briar and weed,
        Nor cares for falling tears or rain.

        Thou knowest all- I sit and wait
          With blinded eyes and hands that fail,
          Till the last lifting of the veil,
        And the first opening of the gate.

        Thou knowest all- I cannot see.
          I trust I shall not live in vain,
          I know that we shall meet again,
        In some divine eternity.
                    A LAMENT

        O well for him who lives at ease
          With garnered gold in wide domain,
          Nor heeds the splashing of the rain,
        The crashing down of forest trees.

        O well for him who ne'er hath known
          The travail of the hungry years,
          A father grey with grief and tears,
        A mother weeping all alone.

        But well for him whose feet hath trod
          The weary road of toil and strife,
          Yet from the sorrows of his life
        Builds ladders to be nearer God.
                         WASTED DAYS

        A fair slim boy not made for this world's pain.
          With hair of gold thick clustering round his ears,
          And longing eyes half veiled by foolish tears
        Like bluest water seen through mists of rain:

        Pale cheeks whereon no kiss hath left its stain,
          Red under lip drawn for fear of Love,
          And white throat whiter than the breast of dove.
        Alas! alas! if all should be in vain.

        Behind, wide fields, and reapers all a-row
          In heat and labour toiling wearily,
        To no sweet sound of laughter or of lute.
        The sun is shooting wide its crimson glow,
        Still the boy dreams: nor knows that night is nigh,
        And in the night-time no man gathers fruit.
                    LOTUS LEAVES

                          I

        There is no peace beneath the moon,-
          Ah! in those meadows is there peace
          Where, girdled with a silver fleece,
        As a bright shepherd, strays the moon?

        Queen of the gardens of the sky,
          Where stars like lilies, white and fair,
          Shine through the mists of frosty air,
        Oh, tarry, for the dawn is nigh!

        Oh, tarry, for the envious day
          Stretches long hands to catch thy feet.
          Alas! but thou art overfleet,
        Alas! I know thou wilt not stay.
                         II

        Eastward the dawn has broken red,
          The circling mists and shadows flee;
          Aurora rises from the sea,
        And leaves the crocus-flowered bed.

        Eastward the silver arrows fall,
          Splintering the veil of holy night:
          And a long wave of yellow light
        Breaks silently on tower and hall.

        And speeding wide across the wold
          Wakes into flight some fluttering bird;
          And all the chestnut tops are stirred,
        And all the branches streaked with gold.
                        III

        To outer senses there is peace,
          A dream-like peace on either hand,
          Deep silence in the shadowy land,
        Deep silence where the shadows cease,

        Save for a cry that echoes shrill
          From some lone bird disconsolate;
          A curlew calling to its mate;
        The answer from the distant hill.

        And, herald of my love to Him
          Who, waiting for the dawn, doth lie,
          The orbed maiden leaves the sky,
        And the white firs grow more dim.
                       IV

        Up sprang the sun to run his race,
          The breeze blew fair on meadow and lea,
        But in the west I seemed to see
        The likeness of a human face.

        A linnet on the hawthorn spray
          Sang of the glories of the spring,
          And made the flow'ring copses ring
        With gladness for the new-born day.

        A lark from out the grass I trod
          Flew wildly, and was lost to view
          In the great seamless veil of blue
        That hangs before the face of God.

        The willow whispered overhead
          That death is but a newer life
          And that with idle words of strife
        We bring dishonour on the dead.

        I took a branch from off the tree,
          And hawthorn branches drenched with dew,
          I bound them with a sprig of yew,
        And made a garland fair to see.

        I laid the flowers where He lies
          (Warm leaves and flowers on the stones):
          What joy I had to sit alone
        Till evening broke on tired eyes:

        Till all the shifting clouds had spun
          A robe of gold for God to wear
          And into seas of purple air
        Sank the bright galley of the sun.
                       V

        Shall I be gladdened for the day,
          And let my inner heart be stirred
          By murmuring tree or song of bird,
        And sorrow at the wild winds' play?

        Not so, such idle dreams belong
          To souls of lesser depth than mine;
          I feel that I am half divine;
        I that I am great and strong.

        I know that every forest tree
          By labour rises from the root
          I know that none shall gather fruit
        By sailing on the barren sea.
                    IMPRESSIONS
                          I

                      Le Jardin

        The lily's withered chalice falls
          Around its rod of dusty gold,
          And from the beeeh trees on the wold
        The last wood-pigeon coos and calls.

        The gaudy leonine sunflower
          Hangs black and barren on its stalk,
          And down the windy garden walk
        The dead leaves scatter,- hour by hour.

        Pale privet-petals white as milk
          Are blown into a snowy mass;
          The roses lie upon the grass,
        Like little shreds of crimson silk.
                         II
                       La Mer

        A white mist drifts across the shrouds,
          A wild moon in this wintry sky
          Gleams like an angry lion's eye
        Out of a mane of tawny clouds.

        The muffled steersman at the wheel
          Is but a shadow in the gloom;-
          And in the throbbing engine room
        Leap the long rods of polished steel.

        The shattered storm has left its trace
          Upon this huge and heaving dome,
          For the thin threads of yellow foam
        Float on the waves like ravelled lace.
                  UNDER THE BALCONY

        O beautiful star with the crimson mouth!
          O moon with the brows of gold!
        Rise up, rise up, from the odorous south!
            And light for my love her way,
            Lest her feet should stray
          On the windy hill and the wold!
        O beautiful star with the crimson mouth!
          O moon with the brows of gold!

        O ship that shakes on the desolate sea!
          O ship with the wet, white sail!
        Put in, put in, to the port to me!
            For my love and I would go
            To the land where the daffodils blow
          In the heart of a violet dale!
        O ship that shakes on the desolate sea!
          O ship with the wet, white sail!

        O rapturous bird with the low, sweet note!
          O bird that sits on the spray!
        Sing on, sing on, from your soft brown throat!
            And my love in her little bed
            Will listen, and lift her head
          From the pillow, and come my way!
        O rapturous bird with the low, sweet note!
          O bird that sits on the spray!

        O blossom that hangs in the tremulous air!
          O blossom with lips of snow!
        Come down, Come down, for my love to wear!
            You will die in her head in a crown,
            You will die in a fold of her gown,
          To her little light heart you will go!
        O blossom that hangs in the tremulous air!
          O blossom with lips of snow!
                     A FRAGMENT

        Beautiful star with the crimson lips
          And flagrant daffodil hair,
        Come back, come back, in the shaking ships
            O'er the much-overrated sea,
            To the hearts that are sick for thee
          With a woe worse than mal de mer-
        O beautiful stars with the crimson lips
          And the flagrant daffodil hair.

        O ship that shakes on the desolate sea,
          Neath the flag of the wan White Star,
        Thou bringest a brighter star with thee
            From the land of the Philistine,
            Where Niagara's reckoned fine
          And Tupper is popular-
        O ship that shakes on the desolate sea,
          Neath the flag of the wan White Star.
             LE JARDIN DES TUILERIES

        This winter air is keen and cold,
          And keen and cold this winter sun,
          But round my chair the children run
        Like little things of dancing gold.

        Sometimes about the painted kiosk
          The mimic soldiers strut and stride,
          Sometimes the blue-eyed brigands hide
        In the bleak tangles of the bosk.

        And sometimes, while the old nurse cons
          Her book, they steal across the square
          And launch their paper navies where
        Huge Triton writhes in greenish bronze.

        And now in mimic flight they flee,
          And now they rush, a boisterous band-
          And, tiny hand on tiny hand,
        Climb up the black and leafless tree.

        Ah! cruel tree! if I were you,
          And children climbed me, for their sake
          Though it be winter I would break
        Into spring blossoms white and blue!
SONNET
                        SONNET

      On the Sale by Auction of Keats' Love Letters

        These are the letters which Endymion wrote
          To one he loved in secret and apart,
          And now the brawlers of the auction-mart
        Bargain and bid for each tear-blotted note,
        Aye! for each separate pulse of passion quote
          The merchant's price! I think they love not art
          Who break the crystal of a poet's heart,
        That small and sickly eyes may glare or gloat.

        Is it not said, that many years ago,
          In a far Eastern town some soldiers ran
          With torches through the midnight, and began
        To wrangle for mean raiment, and to throw
          Dice for the garments of a wretched Man,
        Not knowing the God's wonder, or His woe?
                  THE NEW REMORSE

        The sin was mine; I did not understand.
          So now is music prisoned in her cave,
          Save where some ebbing desultory wave
        Frets with its restless whirls this meagre strand.
        And in the withered hollow of this land
          Hath Summer dug herself so deep a grave,
          That hardly can the leaden willow crave
        One silver blossom from keen Winter's hand.
        But who is this that cometh by the shore?
        (Nay, love, look up and wonder!) Who is this
          Who cometh in dyed garments from the South?
        It is thy new-found Lord, and he shall kiss
          The yet unravished roses of thy mouth,
        And I shall weep and worship, as before.
                   AN INSCRIPTION

          Go, little book,
        To him who, on a lute with horns of pearl,
        Sang of the white feet of the Golden Girl:
          And bid him look
        Into thy pages: it may hap that he
        May find that golden maidens dance through thee.
                  THE HARLOT'S HOUSE

          We caught the tread of dancing feet,
          We loitered down the moonlit street,
        And stopped beneath the Harlot's House.
          Inside, above the din and fray,
          We heard the loud musicians play
        The "Treues Liebes," of Strauss.

          Like strange mechanical grotesques,
          Making fantastic arabesques,
        The shadows raced across the blind.
          We watched the ghostly dancers spin,
          To sound of horn and violin,
        Like black leaves wheeling in the wind.

          Like wire-pulled Automatons,
          Slim silhouetted skeletons
        Went sidling through the slow quadrille,
          Then took each other by the hand,
          And danced a stately saraband;
        Their laughter echoed thin and shrill.

          Sometimes a clock-work puppet pressed
          A phantom lover to her breast,
        Sometimes they seemed to try and sing.
          Sometimes a horrible Marionette
          Came out, and smoked its cigarette
        Upon the steps like a live thing.

          Then turning to my love I said,
          "The dead are dancing with the dead,
        The dust is whirling with the dust."
          But she, she heard the violin,
          And left my side and entered in:
        Love passed into the House of Lust.

          Then suddenly the tune went false,
          The dancers wearied of the waltz,
        The shadows ceased to wheel and whirl,
          And down the long and silent street,
          The dawn with silver-sandalled feet,
        Crept like a frightened girl.
PANTHEA

    Nay, let us walk from fire unto fire,
      From passionate pain to deadlier delight,-
    I am too young to live without desire,
      Too young art thou to waste this summer night
    Asking those idle questions which of old
    Man sought of seer and oracle, and no reply was told.

    For sweet, to feel is better than to know,
      And wisdom is a childless heritage,
    One pulse of passion-youth's first fiery glow,-
      Are worth the hoarded proverbs of the sage:
    Vex not thy soul with dead philosophy,
    Have we not lips to kiss with, hearts to love, and eyes
        to see!

    Dost thou not hear the murmuring nightingale
      Like water bubbling from a silver jar,
    So soft she sings the envious moon is pale,
      That high in heaven she hung so far
    She cannot hear that love-enraptured tune,-
    Mark how she wreathes each horn with mist, yon late
        and laboring moon.

    White lilies, in whose cups the gold bees dream,
      The fallen snow of petals where the breeze
    Scatters the chestnut blossom, or the gleam
      Of all our endless sins, our vain endeavour
    Enough for thee, dost thou desire more?
    Alas! the Gods will give naught else from their
        eternal store.

    For our high Gods have sick and wearied grown
      Of boyish limbs in water,- are not these
    For wasted days of youth to make atone
      By pain or prayer or priest, and never, never,
    Hearken they now to either good or ill,
    But send their rain upon the just and the unjust at will.

    They sit at ease, our Gods they sit at ease,
      Strewing with leaves of rose their scented wine,
    They sleep, they sleep, beneath the rocking trees
      Where asphodel and yellow lotus twine,
    Mourning the old glad days before they knew
    What evil things the heart of man could dream, and
        dreaming do.

    And far beneath the brazen floor, they see
      Like swarming flies the crowd of little men,
    The bustle of small lives, then wearily
      Back to their lotus-haunts they turn again
    Kissing each other's mouths, and mix more deep
    The poppy-seeded draught which brings soft
        purple-lidded sleep.

    There all day long the golden-vestured sun,
      Their torch-bearer, stands with his torch a-blaze,
    And when the gaudy web of noon is spun
      By its twelve maidens through the crimson haze
    Fresh from Endymion's arms comes forth the moon,
    And the immortal Gods in toils of mortal passions swoon.

    There walks Queen Juno through some dewy mead,
      Her grand white feet flecked with the saffron dust
    Of wind-stirred lilies, while young Ganymede
      Leaps in the hot and amber-foaming must,
    His curls all tossed, as when the eagle bare
    The frightened boy from Ida through the blue Ionian air.

    There in the green heart of some garden close
      Queen Venus with the shepherd at her side,
    Her warm soft body like the brier rose
      Which would be white yet blushes at its pride,
    Laughs low for love, till jealous Salmacis
    Peers through the myrtle-leaves and sighs for pain of
        lonely bliss.

    There never does that dreary northwind blow
      Which leaves our English forests bleak and bare,
    Nor ever falls the swift white-feathered snow,
      Nor doth the red-toothed lightning ever dare
    To wake them in the silver-fretted night
    When we lie weeping for some sweet sad sin, some dead
        delight.

    Alas! they know the far Lethaean spring,
      The violet-hidden waters well they know,
    Where one whose feet with tired wandering
      Are faint and broken may take heart and go,
    And from those dark depths cool and crystalline
    Drink, and draw balm, and sleep for sleepless souls,
        and anodyne.

    But we oppress our natures, God or Fate
      Is our enemy, we starve and feed
    On vain repentance- O we are born too late!
      What balm for us in bruised poppy seed
    Who crowd into one finite pulse of time
    The joy of infinite love and the fierce pain of
        infinite crime.

    O we are wearied of this sense of guilt,
      Wearied of pleasures paramour despair,
    Wearied of every temple we have built,
      Wearied of every right, unanswered prayer,
    For man is weak; God sleeps: and heaven is high:
    One fiery-colored moment: one great love: and lo!
        we die.

    Ah! but no ferry-man with laboring pole
      Nears his black shallop to the flowerless strand,
    No little coin of bronze can bring the soul
      Over Death's river to the sunless land,
    Victim and wine and vow are all in vain,
    The tomb is sealed; the soldiers watch; the dead
        rise not again.

    We are resolved into the supreme air,
      We are made one with what we touch and see,
    With our heart's blood each crimson sun is fair,
      With our young lives each spring-impassioned tree
    Flames into green, the wildest beasts that range
    The moor our kinsmen are, all life is one, and all
        is change.

    With beat of systole and of diastole
      One grand great light throbs through earth's giant heart,
    And mighty waves of single Being roll
      From nerve-less germ to man, for we are part
    Of every rock and bird and beast and hill,
    One with the things that prey on us, and  one with what we kill.

    From lower cells of waking life we pass
      To full perfection; thus the world grows old:
    We who are godlike now were once a mass
      Of quivering purple flecked with bars of gold,
    Unsentient or of joy or misery,
    And tossed in terrible tangles of some wild and
        wind-swept sea.

    This hot hard flame with which our bodies burn
      Will make some meadow blaze with daffodil,
    Ay! and those argent breasts of thine will turn
      To water-lilies; the brown fields men till
    Will be more fruitful for our love to-night,
    Nothing is lost in nature, all things live in
        Death's despite.

    The boy's first kiss, the hyacinth's first bell,
      The man's last passion, and the last red spear
    That from the lily leaps, the asphodel
      Which will not let its blossoms blow for fear
    Of too much beauty, and the timid shame
    Of the young bridegroom at his lover's eyes,- these
        with the same

    One sacrament are consecrate, the earth
      Not we alone hath passions hymeneal,
    The yellow buttercups that shake for mirth
      At daybreak know a pleasure not less real
    Than we do, when in some fresh-blossoming wood
    We draw the spring into our hearts, and feel that
        life is good.

    So when men bury us beneath the yew
      Thy crimson-stained mouth a rose will be,
    And thy soft eyes lush bluebells dimmed with dew,
      And when the white narcissus wantonly
    Kisses the wind its playment, some faint joy
    Will thrill our dust, and we will be again fond
        maid and boy.

    And thus without life's conscious torturing pain
      In some sweet flower we will feel the sun,
    And from the linnet's throat will sing again,
      And as two gorgeous-mailed snakes will run
    Over our graves, or as two tigers creep
    Through the hot jungle where the yellow-eyed huge
        lions sleep

    And give them battle! How my heart leaps up
      To think of that grand living after death
    In beast and bird and flower, when this cup,
      Being filled too full of spirit, bursts for breath,
    And with the pale leaves of some autumn day
    The soul earth's earliest conqueror becomes earth's
        last great prey.

    O think of it! We shall inform ourselves
      Into all sensuous life, the goat-foot Faun,
    The Centaur, or the merry bright-eyed Elves
      That leave their dancing rings to spite the dawn
    Upon the meadows, shall not be more near
    Than you and I to nature's mysteries, for we shall hear

    The thrush's heart beat, and the daisies grow,
      And the wan snowdrop sighing for the sun
    On sunless days in winter, we shall know
      By whom the silver gossamer is spun,
    Who paints the diapered fritillaries,
    On what wide wings from shivering pine
        to pine the eagle flies.

    Ay! had we never loved at all, who knows
      If yonder daffodil had lured the bee
    Into its gilded womb, or any rose
      Had hung with crimson lamps its little tree!
    Methinks no leaf would ever bud in spring,
    But for the lovers' lips that kiss, the poet's
        lips that sing.

    Is the light vanished from our golden sun,
      Or is this daedal-fashioned earth less fair,
    That we are nature's heritors, and one
      With every pulse of life that beats the air?
    Rather new suns across the sky shall pass,
    New splendour come unto the flower, new glory
        to the grass.

    And we two lovers shall not sit afar,
      Critics of nature, but the joyous sea
    Shall be our raiment, and the bearded star
      Shoot arrows at our pleasure! We shall be
    Part of the mighty universal whole,
    And through all aeons mix and mingle with
        the Kosmic Soul!

    We shall be notes in that great Symphony
      Whose cadence circles through the rhythmic spheres,
    And all the live World's throbbing heart shall be
      One with our heart, the stealthy creeping years
    Have lost their terrors now, we shall not die,
    The Universe itself shall be our Immortality!                              CHAPTER I

  The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses, and when the
light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden there came
through the open door the heavy scent of the lilac, or the more
delicate perfume of the pink-flowering thorn.

  From the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags on which he
was lying, smoking, as was his custom, innumerable cigarettes, Lord
Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and
honey-coloured blossoms of a laburnum, whose tremulous branches seemed
hardly able to bear the burden of a beauty so flamelike as theirs; and
now and then the fantastic shadows of birds in flight flitted across
the long tussore-silk curtains that were stretched in front of the
huge window, producing a kind of momentary Japanese effect, and making
him think of those pallid jade-faced painters of Tokio who, through
the medium of an art that is necessarily immobile, seek to convey
the sense of swiftness and motion. The sullen murmur of the bees
shouldering their way through the long unmown grass, or circling
with monotonous insistence round the dusty gilt horns of the
straggling woodbine, seemed to make the stillness more oppressive. The
dim roar of London was like the burdon note of a distant organ.

  In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the
full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal
beauty, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the
artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden disappearance some
years ago caused, at the time, such public excitement, and gave rise
to so many strange conjectures.

  As the painter looked at the gracious and comely form he had so
skilfully mirrored in his art, a smile of pleasure passed across his
face, and seemed about to linger there. But he suddenly started up,
and, closing his eyes, placed his fingers upon the lids, as though
he sought to imprison within his brain some curious dream from which
he feared he might awake.

  "It is your best work, Basil, the best thing you have ever done,"
said Lord Henry, languidly. "You must certainly send it next year to
the Grosvenor. The Academy is too large and too vulgar. Whenever I
have gone there, there have either been so many people that I have not
been able to see the pictures, which was dreadful, or so many pictures
that I have not been able to see the people, which was worse. The
Grosvenor is really the only place."

  "I don't think I shall send it anywhere," he answered, tossing his
head back in that odd way that used to make his friends laugh at him
at Oxford. "No; I won't send it anywhere."

  Lord Henry elevated his eyebrows, and looked at him in amazement
through the thin blue wreaths of smoke that curled up in such fanciful
whorls from his heavy opium-tainted cigarette.

  "Not send it anywhere? My dear fellow, why? Have you any reason?
What odd chaps you painters are! You do anything in the world to
gain a reputation. As soon as you have one, you seem to want to
throw it away. It is silly of you, for there is only one thing in
the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being
talked about. A portrait like this would set you far above all the
young men in England, and make the old men quite jealous, if old men
are ever capable of any emotion."

  "I know you will laugh at me," he replied, "but I really can't
exhibit it. I have put too much of myself into it."

  Lord Henry stretched himself out on the divan and laughed.

  "Yes, I knew you would; but it is quite true, all the same."

  "Too much of yourself in it! Upon my word, Basil, I didn't know
you were so vain; and I really can't see any resemblance between
you, with your rugged strong face and your coal-black hair, and this
young Adonis, who looks as if he was made out of ivory and
rose-leaves. Why, my dear Basil, he is a Narcissus, and you- well,
of course you have an intellectual expression, and all that. But
beauty, real beauty, ends where an intellectual expression begins.
Intellect is in itself a mode of exaggeration, and destroys the
harmony of any face. The moment one sits down to think, one becomes
all nose, or all forehead, or something horrid. Look at the successful
men in any of the learned professions. How perfectly hideous they are!
Except, of course, in the church. But then in the church they don't
think. A bishop keeps on saying at the age of eighty what he was
told to say when he was a boy of eighteen, and as a natural
consequence he always looks absolutely delightful. Your mysterious
young friend, whose name you have never told me, but whose picture
really fascinates me, never thinks. I feel quite sure of that. He is
some brainless, beautiful creature, who should always be here in
winter when we have no flowers to look at, and always here in summer
when we want something to chill our intelligence. Don't flatter
yourself, Basil, you are not in the least like him."

  "You don't understand me, Harry," answered the artist. "Of course
I am not like him. I know that perfectly well. Indeed, I should be
sorry to look like him. You shrug your shoulders? I am telling you the
truth. There is a fatality about all physical and intellectual
distinction, the sort of fatality that seems to dog through history
the faltering steps of kings. It is better not to be different from
one's fellows. The ugly and the stupid have the best of it in this
world. They can sit at their ease and gape at the play. If they know
nothing of victory, they are at least spared the knowledge of
defeat. They live as we all should live, undisturbed, indifferent, and
without disquiet. They neither bring ruin upon others, nor ever
receive it, from alien hands. Your rank and wealth, Harry; my
brains, such as they are- my art, whatever it may be worth; Dorian
Gray's good looks- we shall all suffer for what the gods have given
us, suffer terribly."

  "Dorian Gray? Is that his name?" asked Lord Henry, walking across
the studio towards Basil Hallward.

  "Yes, that is his name. I didn't intend to tell it to you."

  "But why not?"

  "Oh, I can't explain. When I like people immensely I never tell
their names to any one. It is like surrendering a part of them. I have
grown to love secrecy. It seems to be the one thing that can make
modern life mysterious or marvellous to us. The commonest thing is
delightful if one only hides it. When I leave town now I never tell my
people where I am going. If I did, I would lose all my pleasure. It is
a silly habit, I dare say, but somehow it seems to bring a great
deal of romance into one's life. I suppose you think me awfully
foolish about it?"

  "Not at all," answered Lord Henry, "not at all, my dear Basil. You
seem to forget that I am married, and the one charm of marriage is
that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both
parties. I never know where my wife is, and my wife never knows what I
am doing. When we meet- we do meet occasionally, when we dine out
together, or go down to the Duke's- we tell each other the most absurd
stories with the most serious faces. My wife is very good at it-
much better, in fact, than I am. She never gets confused over her
dates, and I always do. But when she does find me out, she makes no
row at all. I sometimes wish she would; but she merely laughs at me."

  "I hate the way you talk about your married life, Harry," said Basil
Hallward, strolling towards the door that led into the garden. "I
believe that you are really a very good husband, but that you are
thoroughly ashamed of your own virtues. You are an extraordinary
fellow. You never say a moral thing, and you never do a wrong thing.
Your cynicism is simply a pose."

  "Being natural is simply a pose, and the most irritating pose I
know," cried Lord Henry, laughing; and the two young men went out into
the garden together, and ensconced themselves on a long bamboo seat
that stood in the shade of a tall laurel bush. The sunlight slipped
over the polished leaves. In the grass, white daisies were tremulous.

  After a pause, Lord Henry pulled out his watch. "I am afraid I
must be going, Basil," he murmured, "and before I go, I insist on your
answering a question I put to you some time ago."

  "What is that?" said the painter, keeping his eyes fixed on the
ground.

  "You know quite well."

  "I do not, Harry."

  "Well, I will tell you what it is. I want you to explain to me why
you won't exhibit Dorian Gray's picture. I want the real reason."

  "I told you the real reason."

  "No, you did not. You said it was because there was too much of
yourself in it. Now, that is childish."

  "Harry," said Basil Hallward, looking him straight in the face,
"every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the
artist, not of the sitter. The sitter is merely the accident, the
occasion. It is not he who is revealed by the painter; it is rather
the painter who, on the coloured canvas, reveals himself. The reason I
will not exhibit this picture is that I am afraid that I have shown in
it the secret of my own soul."

  Lord Henry laughed. "And what is that?" he asked.

  "I will tell you," said Hallward; but an expression of perplexity
came over his face.

  "I am all expectation, Basil," continued his companion, glancing
at him.

  "Oh, there is really very little to tell, Harry," answered the
painter; "and I am afraid you will hardly understand it. Perhaps vou
will hardly believe it."

  Lord Henry smiled, and, leaning down, plucked a pink-petalled
daisy from the grass, and examined it. "I am quite sure I shall
understand it," he replied, gazing intently at the little golden
white-feathered disk, "and as for believing things, I can believe
anything, provided that it is quite incredible."

  The wind shook some blossoms from the trees, and the heavy
lilac-blooms, with their clustering stars, moved to and fro in the
languid air. A grasshopper began to chirrup by the wall, and like a
blue thread a long thin dragon-fly floated past on its brown gauze
wings. Lord Henry felt as if he could hear Basil Hallward's heart
beating, and wondered what was coming.

  "The story is simply this," said the painter after some time. "Two
months ago I went to a crush at Lady Brandon's. You know we poor
artists have to show ourselves in society from time to time, just to
remind the public that we are not savages. With an evening coat and
a white tie, as you told me once, anybody, even a stock-broker, can
gain a reputation for being civilized. Well, after I had been in the
room about ten minutes, talking to huge overdressed dowagers and
tedious Academicians, I suddenly became conscious that some one was
looking at me. I turned halfway round, and saw Dorian Gray for the
first time. When our eyes met, I felt that I was growing pale. A
curious sensation of terror came over me. I knew that I had come
face to face with some one whose mere personality was so fascinating
that, if I allowed it to do so, it would absorb my whole nature, my
whole soul, my very art itself. I did not want any external
influence in my life. You know yourself, Harry, how independent I am
by nature. I have always been my own master; had at least always
been so, till I met Dorian Gray. Then- but I don't know how to explain
it to you. Something seemed to tell me that I was on the verge of a
terrible crisis in my life. I had a strange feeling that Fate had in
store for me exquisite joys and exquisite sorrows. I grew afraid,
and turned to quit the room. It was not conscience that made me do it:
it was a sort of cowardice. I take no credit to myself for trying to
escape."

  "Conscience and cowardice are really the same things, Basil.
Conscience is the trade-name of the firm. That is all."

  "I don't believe that, Harry, and I don't believe you do either.
However, whatever was my motive- and it may have been pride, for I
used to be very proud- I certainly struggled to the door. There, of
course, I stumbled against Lady Brandon. 'You are not going to run
away so soon, Mr. Hallward?' she screamed out. You know her
curiously shrill voice?"

  "Yes; she is a peacock in everything but beauty," said Lord Henry,
pulling the daisy to bits with his long, nervous fingers.

  "I could not get rid of her. She brought me up to Royalties, and
people with Stars and Garters, and elderly ladies with gigantic tiaras
and parrot noses. She spoke of me as her dearest friend. I had only
met her once before, but she took it into her head to lionize me. I
believe some picture of mine had made a great success at the time,
at least had been chattered about in the penny newspapers, which is
the nineteenth-century standard of immortality. Suddenly I found
myself face to face with the young man whose personality had so
strangely stirred me. We were quite close, almost touching. Our eyes
met again. It was reckless of me, but I asked Lady Brandon to
introduce me to him. Perhaps it was not so reckless, after all. It was
simply inevitable. We would have spoken to each other without any
introduction. I am sure of that. Dorian told me so afterwards. He,
too, felt that we were destined to know each other."

  "And how did Lady Brandon describe this wonderful young man?"
asked his companion. "I know she goes in for giving a rapid precis
of all her guests. I remember her bringing me up to a truculent and
red-faced old gentleman covered all over with orders and ribbons,
and hissing into my ear, in a tragic whisper which must have been
perfectly audible to everybody in the room, the most astounding
details. I simply fled. I like to find out people for myself. But Lady
Brandon treats her guests exactly as an auctioneer treats his goods.
She either explains them entirely away, or tells one everything
about them except what one wants to know."

  "Poor Lady Brandon! You are hard on her, Harry!" said Hallward,
listlessly.

  "My dear fellow, she tried to found a salon, and only succeeded in
opening a restaurant. How could I admire her? But tell me, what did
she say about Mr. Dorian Gray?"

  "Oh, something like 'Charming boy- poor dear mother and I absolutely
inseparable. Quite forget what he does- afraid he- doesn't do
anything- oh, yes, plays the piano- or is it the violin, dear Mr.
Gray?' Neither of us could help laughing, and we became friends at
once."

  "Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it
is far the best ending for one," said the young lord, plucking another
daisy.

  Hallward shook his head. "You don't understand what friendship is,
Harry," he murmured- "or what enmity is, for that matter. You like
every one; that is to say, you are indifferent to every one."

  "How horribly unjust of you!" cried Lord Henry, tilting his hat
back, and looking up at the little clouds that, like ravelled skeins
of glossy white silk, were drifting across the hollowed turquoise of
the summer sky. "Yes, horribly unjust of you. I make a great
difference between people. I choose my friends for their good looks,
my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their
good intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his
enemies. I have not got one who is a fool, they are all men of some
intellectual power, and consequently they all appreciate me. Is that
very vain of me? I think it is rather vain."

  "I should think it was, Harry. But according to your category I must
be merely an acquaintance."

  "My dear old Basil, you are much more than an acquaintance."

  "And much less than a friend. A sort of brother, I suppose?"

  "Oh, brothers! I don't care for brothers. My elder brother won't
die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else."

  "Harry!" exclaimed Hallward, frowning.

  "My dear fellow, I am not quite serious. But I can't help
detesting my relations. I suppose it comes from the fact that none
of us can stand other people having the same faults as ourselves. I
quite sympathize with the rage of the English democracy against what
they call the vices of the upper orders. The masses feel that
drunkenness, stupidity, and immorality should be their own special
property, and that if any one of us makes an ass of himself he is
poaching on their preserves. When poor Southwark got into the
Divorce Court, their indignation was quite magnificent. And yet I
don't suppose that ten per cent of the proletariat live correctly."

  "I don't agree with a single word that you have said, and, what is
more, Harry, I feel sure that you don't either."

  Lord Henry stroked his pointed brown beard, and tapped the toe of
his patent-leather boot with a tasselled ebony cane. "How English
you are, Basil! That is the second time you have made that
observation. If one puts forward an idea to a true Englishman-
always a rash thing to do- he never dreams of considering whether
the idea is right or wrong. The only thing he considers of any
importance is whether one believes it oneself. Now, the value of an
idea has nothing whatsoever to do with the sincerity of the man who
expresses it. Indeed, the probabilities are that the more insincere
the man is, the more purely intellectual will the idea be, as in
that case it will not be coloured by either his wants, his desires, or
his prejudices. However, I don't propose to discuss politics,
sociology, or metaphysics with you. I like persons better than
principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything
else in the world. Tell me more about Mr. Dorian Gray. How often do
you see him?"

  "Every day. I couldn't be happy if I didn't see him every day. He is
absolutely necessary to me."

  "How extraordinary! I thought you would never care for anything
but your art."

  "He is all my art to me now," said the painter, gravely. "I
sometimes think, Harry, that there are only two eras of any importance
in the world's history. The first is the appearance of a new medium
for art, and the second is the appearance of a new personality for art
also. What the invention of oil-painting was to the Venetians, the
face of Antinous was to late Greek sculpture, and the face of Dorian
Gray will some day be to me. It is not merely that I paint from him,
draw from him, sketch from him. Of course I have done all that. But he
is much more to me than a model or a sitter. I won't tell you that I
am dissatisfied with what I have done of him or that his beauty is
such that Art cannot express it. There is nothing that Art cannot
express, and I know that the work I have done, since I met Dorian
Gray, is good work, is the best work of my life. But in some curious
way- I wonder will you understand me?- his personality has suggested
to me an entirely new manner in art, an entirely new mode of style.
I see things differently, I think of them differently. I can now
re-create life in a way that was hidden from me before. 'A dream of
form in days of thought:'- who is it who says that? I forget; but it
is what Dorian Gray has been to me. The merely visible presence of
this lad- for he seems to me little more than a lad, though he is
really over twenty- his merely visible presence- ah! I wonder can
you realize all that that means? Unconsciously he defines for me the
lines of a fresh school, a school that is to have in it all the
passion of the romantic spirit, all the perfection of the spirit
that is Greek. The harmony of soul and body- how much that is! We in
our madness have separated the two, and have invented a realism that
is vulgar, an ideality that is void. Harry! if you only knew what
Dorian Gray is to me! You remember that landscape of mine, for which
Agnew offered me such a huge price, but which I would not part with?
It is one of the best things I have ever done. And why is it so?
Because, while I was painting it, Dorian Gray sat beside me. Some
subtle influence passed from him to me, and for the first time in my
life I saw in the plain woodland the wonder I had always looked for,
and always missed."

  "Basil, this is extraordinary! I must see Dorian Gray."

  Hallward got up from his seat, and walked up and down the garden.
After some time he came back. "Harry," he said, "Dorian Gray is to
me simply a motive in art. You might see nothing in him. I see
everything in him. He is never more present in my work than when no
image of him is there. He is a suggestion, as I have said, of a new
manner. I find him in the curves of certain lines, in the loveliness
and subtleties of certain colours. That is all."

  "Then why won't you exhibit his portrait?" asked Lord Henry.

  "Because, without intending it, I have put into it some expression
of all this curious artistic idolatry, of which, of course, I have
never cared to speak to him. He knows nothing about it. He shall never
know anything about it. But the world might guess it; and I will not
bare my soul to their shallow, prying eyes. My heart shall never be
put under their microscope. There is too much of myself in the
thing, Harry- too much of myself!"

  "Poets are not so scrupulous as you are. They know how useful
passion is for publication. Nowadays a broken heart will run to many
editions."

  "I hate them for it," cried Hallward. "An artist should create
beautiful things, but should put nothing of his own life into them. We
live in an age when men treat art as if it were meant to be a form
of autobiography. We have lost the abstract sense of beauty. Some
day I will show the world what it is; and for that reason the world
shall never see my portrait of Dorian Gray."

  "I think you are wrong, Basil, but I won't argue with you. It is
only the intellectually lost who ever argue. Tell me, is Dorian Gray
very fond of you?"

  The painter considered for a few moments. "He likes me," he answered
after a pause; "I know he likes me. Of course I flatter him
dreadfully. I find a strange pleasure in saying things to him that I
know I shall be sorry for having said. As a rule, he is charming to
me, and we sit in the studio and talk of a thousand things. Now and
then, however, he is horribly thoughtless, and seems to take a real
delight in giving me pain. Then I feel, Harry, that I have given
away my whole soul to some one who treats it as if it were a flower to
put in his coat, a bit of decoration to charm his vanity, an
ornament for a summer's day."

  "Days in summer, Basil, are apt to linger," murmured Lord Henry.
"Perhaps you will tire sooner than he will. It is a sad thing to think
of, but there is no doubt that Genius lasts longer than Beauty. That
accounts for the fact that we all take such pains to over-educate
ourselves. In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have
something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and
facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place. The thoroughly
well-informed man- that is the modern idea. And the mind of the
thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a
bric-a-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced
above its proper value. I think you will tire first, all the same.
Some day you will look at your friend and he will seem to you to be
a little out of drawing, or you won't like his tone of colour, or
something. You will bitterly reproach him in your own heart, and
seriously think that he has behaved very badly to you. The next time
he calls, you will be perfectly cold and indifferent. It will be a
great pity, for it will alter you. What you have told me is quite a
romance, a romance of art one might call it, and the worst of having a
romance of any kind is that it leaves one so unromantic."

  "Harry, don't talk like that. As long as I live, the personality
of Dorian Gray will dominate me. You can't feel what I feel. You
change too often."

  "Ah, my dear Basil, that is exactly why I can feel it. Those who are
faithful know only the trivial side of love: it is the faithless who
know love's tragedies." And Lord Henry struck a light on a dainty
silver case, and began to smoke a cigarette with a self-conscious
and satisfied air, as if he had summed up the world in a phrase. There
was a rustle of chirruping sparrows in the green lacquer leaves of the
ivy, and the blue cloud-shadows chased themselves across the grass
like swallows. How pleasant it was in the garden! And how delightful
other people's emotions were!- much more delightful than their
ideas, it seemed to him. One's own soul, and the passions of one's
friends- those were the fascinating things in life. He pictured to
himself with silent amusement the tedious luncheon that he had
missed by staying so long with Basil Hallward. Had he gone to his
aunt's, he would have been sure to have met Lord Goodbody there, and
the whole conversation would have been about the feeding of the
poor, and the necessity for model lodging-houses. Each class would
have preached the importance of those virtues, for whose exercise
there was no necessity in their own lives. The rich would have
spoken on the value of thrift, and the idle grown eloquent over the
dignity of labour. It was charming to have escaped all that! As he
thought of his aunt, an idea seemed to strike him. He turned to
Hallward, and said, "My dear fellow, I have just remembered."

  "Remembered what, Harry?"

  "Where I heard the name of Dorian Gray."

  "Where was it?" asked Hallward, with a slight frown.

  "Don't look so angry, Basil. It was at my aunt, Lady Agatha's. She
told me she had discovered a wonderful young man, who was going to
help her in the East End, and that his name was Dorian Gray. I am
bound to state that she never told me he was good-looking. Women
have no appreciation of good looks; at least, good women have not. She
said that he was very earnest, and had a beautiful nature. I at once
pictured to myself a creature with spectacles and lank hair,
horribly freckled, and tramping about on huge feet. I wish I had known
it was your friend."

  "I am very glad you didn't, Harry."

  "Why?"

  "I don't want you to meet him."

  "You don't want me to meet him?"

  "No."

  "Mr. Dorian Gray is in the studio, sir," said the butler, coming
into the garden.

  "You must introduce me now," cried Lord Henry, laughing.

  The painter turned to his servant, who stood blinking in the
sunlight. "Ask Mr. Gray to wait, Parker: I shall be in in a few
moments." The man bowed, and went up the walk.

  Then he looked at Lord Henry. "Dorian Gray is my dearest friend," he
said. "He has a simple and beautiful nature. Your aunt was quite right
in what she said of him. Don't spoil him. Don't try to influence
him. Your influence would be bad. The world is wide, and has many
marvellous people in it. Don't take away from me the one person who
gives to my art whatever charm it possesses; my life as an artist
depends on him. Mind, Harry, I trust you." He spoke very slowly, and
the words seemed wrung out of him almost against his will.

  "What nonsense you talk!" said Lord Henry, smiling, and, taking
Hallward by the arm, he almost led him into the house.

                              CHAPTER II

  As they entered they saw Dorian Gray. He was seated at the piano,
with his back to them, turning over the pages of a volume of
Schumann's "Forest Scenes." "You must lend me these, Basil," he cried.
"I want to learn them. They are perfectly charming."

  "That depends entirely on how you sit to-day, Dorian."

  "Oh, I am tired of sitting, and I don't want a life-sized portrait
of myself," answered the lad, swinging round on the music-stool, in
a wilful, petulant manner. When he caught sight of Lord Henry, a faint
blush coloured his cheeks for a moment, and he started up. "I beg your
pardon, Basil, but I didn't know you had any one with you."

  "This is Lord Henry Wotton, Dorian, an old Oxford friend of mine.
I have just been telling him what a capital sitter you were, and now
you have spoiled everything."

  "You have not spoiled my pleasure in meeting you, Mr. Gray," said
Lord Henry, stepping forward and extending his hand. "My aunt has
often spoken to me about you. You are one of her favourites, and, I am
afraid, one of her victims, also."

  "I am in Lady Agatha's black books at present," answered Dorian,
with a funny look of penitence. "I promised to go to a club in
Whitechapel with her last Tuesday, and I really forgot all about it.
We were to have played a duet together- three duets, I believe. I
don't know what she will say to me. I am far too frightened to call."

  "Oh, I will make your peace with my aunt. She is quite devoted to
you. And I don't think it really matters about your not being there.
The audience probably thought it was a duet. When Aunt Agatha sits
down to the piano she makes quite enough noise for two people."

  "That is very horrid to her, and not very nice to me," answered
Dorian, laughing.

  Lord Henry looked at him. Yes, he was certainly wonderfully
handsome, with his finely-curved scarlet lips, his frank blue eyes,
his crisp gold hair. There was something in his face that made one
trust him at once. All the candour of youth was there, as well as
all youth's passionate purity. One felt that he had kept himself
unspotted from the world. No wonder Basil Hallward worshipped him.

  "You are too charming to go in for philanthropy, Mr. Gray- far too
charming." And Lord Henry flung himself down on the divan, and
opened his cigarette-case.

  The painter had been busy mixing his colours and getting his brushes
ready. He was looking worried, and when he heard Lord Henry's last
remark he glanced at him, hesitated for a moment, and then said,
"Harry, I want to finish this picture to-day. Would vou think it
awfully rude of me if I asked you to go away?"

  Lord Henry smiled, and looked at Dorian Gray. "Am I to go, Mr.
Gray?" he asked.

  "Oh, please don't, Lord Henry. I see that Basil is in one of his
sulky moods; and I can't bear him when he sulks. Besides, I want you
to tell me why I should not go in for philanthropy."

  "I don't know that I shall tell you that, Mr. Gray. It is so tedious
a subject that one would have to talk seriously about it. But I
certainly shall not run away, now that you have asked me to stop.
You don't really mind, Basil, do you? You have often told me that
you liked your sitters to have some one to chat to."

  Hallward bit his lip. "If Dorian wishes it, of course you must stay.
Dorian's whims are laws to everybody, except himself."

  Lord Henry took up his hat and gloves. "You are very pressing,
Basil, but I am afraid I must go. I have promised to meet a man at the
Orleans. Good-bye, Mr. Gray. Come and see me some afternoon in
Curzon Street. I am nearly always at home at five o'clock. Write to me
when you are coming. I should be sorry to miss you."

  "Basil," cried Dorian Gray, "if Lord Henry Wotton goes I shall go
too. You never open your lips while you are painting, and it is
horribly dull standing on a platform and trying to look pleasant.
Ask him to stay. I insist upon it."

  "Stay, Harry, to oblige Dorian, and to oblige me," said Hallward,
gazing intently at his picture. "It is quite true, I never talk when I
am working, and never listen either, and it must be dreadfully tedious
for my unfortunate sitters. I beg you to stay."

  "But what about my man at the Orleans?"

  The painter laughed. "I don't think there will be any difficulty
about that. Sit down again, Harry. And now, Dorian, get up on the
platform, and don't move about too much, or pay any attention to
what Lord Henry says. He has a very bad influence over all his
friends, with the single exception of myself."

  Dorian Gray stepped up on the dais, with the air of a young Greek
martyr, and made a little moue of discontent to Lord Henry, to whom he
had rather taken a fancy. He was so unlike Basil. They made a
delightful contrast. And he had such a beautiful voice. After a few
moments he said to him, "Have you really a very bad influence, Lord
Henry? As bad as Basil says?"

  "There is no such thing as a good influence, Mr. Gray. All influence
is immoral- immoral from the scientific point of view."

  "Why?"

  "Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. He
does not think his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural
passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such
things as sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of some one else's
music, an actor of a part that has not been written for him. The aim
of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly- that
is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves,
nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that
one owes to one's self. Of course they are charitable. They feed the
hungry, and clothe the beggar. But their own souls starve, and are
naked. Courage has gone out of our race. Perhaps we never really had
it. The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of
God, which is the secret of religion- these are the two things that
govern us. And yet--"

  "Just turn your head a little more to the right, Dorian, like a good
boy," said the painter, deep in his work, and conscious only that a
look had come into the lad's face that he had never seen there before.

  "And yet," continued Lord Henry, in his low, musical voice, and with
that graceful wave of the hand that was always so characteristic of
him, and that he had even in his Eton days, "I believe that if one man
were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to
every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream-
I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that
we would forget all the maladies of mediaevalism, and return to the
Hellenic ideal- to something finer, richer, than the Hellenic ideal,
it may be. But the bravest man amongst us is afraid of himself. The
mutilation of the savage has its tragic survival in the self-denial
that mars our lives. We are punished for our refusals. Every impulse
that we strive to strangle broods in the mind, and poisons us. The
body sins once, and has done with its sin, for action is a mode of
purification. Nothing remains then but the recollection of a pleasure,
or the luxury of a regret. The only way to get rid of a temptation
is to yield to it. Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing
for the things it has forbidden to itself, with desire for what its
monstrous laws have made monstrous and unlawful. It has been said that
the great events of the world take place in the brain. It is in the
brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place
also. You, Mr. Gray, you yourself, with your rose-red youth and your
rose-white boyhood, you have had passions that have made you afraid,
thoughts that have filled you with terror, day-dreams and sleeping
dreams whose mere memory might stain your cheek with shame-"

  "Stop!" faltered Dorian Gray, "stop! you bewilder me. I don't know
what to say. There is some answer to you, but I cannot find it.
Don't speak. Let me think. Or, rather, let me try not to think."

  For nearly ten minutes he stood there, motionless, with parted lips,
and eyes strangely bright. He was dimly conscious that entirely
fresh influences were at work within him. Yet they seemed to him to
have come really from himself. The few words that Basil's friend had
said to him- words spoken by chance, no doubt, and with wilful paradox
in them- had touched some secret chord that had never been touched
before, but that he felt was now vibrating and throbbing to curious
pulses.

  Music had stirred him like that. Music had troubled him many
times. But music was not articulate. It was not a new world, but
rather another chaos, that it created in us. Words! Mere words! How
terrible they were! How clear, and vivid, and cruel. One could not
escape from them. And yet what a subtle magic there was in them.
They seemed to be able to give a plastic form to formless things,
and to have a music of their own as sweet as that of viol or of
lute. Mere words! Was there anything so real as words?

  Yes, there had been things in his boyhood that he had not
understood. He understood them now. Life suddenly had become
fiery-coloured to him. It seemed to him that he had been walking in
fire. Why had he not known it?

  With his subtle smile, Lord Henry watched him. He knew the precise
psychological moment when to say nothing. He felt intensely
interested. He was amazed at the sudden impression that his words
had produced, and, remembering a book that he had read when he was
sixteen, a book which had revealed to him much that he had not known
before, he wondered whether Dorian Gray was passing through a
similar experience. He had merely shot an arrow into the air. Had it
hit the mark? How fascinating the lad was!

  Hallward painted away with that marvellous bold touch of his, that
had the true refinement and perfect delicacy that in art, at any rate,
comes only from strength. He was unconscious of the silence.

  "Basil, I am tired of standing," cried Dorian Gray, suddenly. "I
must go out and sit in the garden. The air is stifling here."

  "My dear fellow, I am so sorry. When I am painting, I can't think of
anything else. But you never sat better. You were perfectly still. And
I have caught the effect I wanted- the half-parted lips and the bright
look in the eyes. I don't know what Harry has been saying to you,
but he has certainly made you have the most wonderful expression. I
suppose he has been paying you compliments. You mustn't believe a word
that he says."

  "He has certainly not been paying me compliments. Perhaps that is
the reason that I don't believe anything he has told me."

  "You know you believe it all," said Lord Henry, looking at him
with his dreamy, languorous eyes. "I will go out to the garden with
you. It is horribly hot in the studio. Basil, let us have something
iced to drink, something with strawberries in it."

  "Certainly, Harry. Just touch the bell, and when Parker comes I will
tell him what you want. I have got to work up this background, so I
will join you later on. Don't keep Dorian too long. I have never
been in better form for painting than I am to-day. This is going to be
my masterpiece. It is my masterpiece as it stands."

  Lord Henry went out to the garden, and found Dorian Gray burying his
face in the great cool lilac-blossoms, feverishly drinking in their
perfume as if it had been wine. He came close to him, and put his hand
upon his shoulder. "You are quite right to do that," he murmured.
"Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure
the senses but the soul."

  The lad started and drew back. He was bare-headed, and the leaves
had tossed his rebellious curls and tangled all their gilded
threads. There was a look of fear in his eyes, such as people have
when they are suddenly awakened. His finely-chiselled nostrils
quivered, and some hidden nerve shook the scarlet of his lips and left
them trembling.

  "Yes," continued Lord Henry, "that is one of the great secrets of
life- to cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means
of the soul. You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you
think you know, just as you know less than you want to know."

  Dorian Gray frowned and turned his head away. He could not help
liking the tall, graceful young man who was standing by him. His
romantic olive-coloured face and worn expression interested him. There
was something in his low, languid voice that was absolutely
fascinating. His cool, white, flower-like hands, even, had a curious
charm. They moved, as he spoke, like music, and seemed to have a
language of their own. But he felt afraid of him, and ashamed of being
afraid. Why had it been left for a stranger to reveal him to
himself? He had known Basil Hallward for months, but the friendship
between them had never altered him. Suddenly there had come some one
across his life who seemed to have disclosed to him life's mystery.
And, yet, what was there to be afraid of? He was not a schoolboy or
a girl. It was absurd to be frightened.

  "Let us go and sit in the shade," said Lord Henry. "Parker has
brought out the drinks, and if you stay any longer in this glare you
will be quite spoiled, and Basil will never paint you again. You
really must not allow yourself to become sunburnt. It would be
unbecoming."

  "What can it matter?" cried Dorian Gray, laughing, as he sat down on
the seat at the end of the garden.

  "It should matter everything to you, Mr. Gray."

  "Why?"

  "Because you have the most marvellous youth, and youth is the one
thing worth having."

  "I don't feel that, Lord Henry."

  "No, you don't feel it now. Some day, when you are old and
wrinkled and ugly, when thought has seared your forehead with its
lines, and passion branded your lips with its hideous fires, you
will feel it, you will feel it terribly. Now, wherever you go, you
charm the world. Will it always be so?... You have a wonderfully
beautiful face, Mr. Gray. Don't frown. You have. And Beauty is a
form of Genius- is higher, indeed, than Genius, as it needs no
explanation. It is of the great facts of the world, like sunlight,
or spring-time, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver
shell we call the moon. It cannot be questioned. It has its divine
right of sovereignty. It makes princes of those who have it. You
smile? Ah! when you have lost it you won't smile.... People say
sometimes that Beauty is only superficial. That may be so. But at
least it is not so superficial as Thought is. To me, Beauty is the
wonder of wonders. It is only shallow people who do not judge by
appearances. The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the
invisible.... Yes, Mr. Gray, the gods have been good to you. But
what the gods give they quickly take away. You have only a few years
in which to live really, perfectly, and fully. When your youth goes,
your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover
that there are no triumphs left for you, or have to content yourself
with those mean triumphs that the memory of your past will make more
bitter than defeats. Every month as it wanes brings you nearer to
something dreadful. Time is jealous of you, and wars against your
lilies and your roses. You will become sallow, and hollow-cheeked, and
dull-eyed. You will suffer horribly.... Ah! realize your youth while
you have it. Don't squander the gold of your days, listening to the
tedious, trying to improve the hopeless failure, or giving away your
life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar. These are the sickly
aims, the false ideals, of our age. Live! Live the wonderful life that
is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new
sensations. Be afraid of nothing.... A new Hedonism- that is what
our century wants. You might be its visible symbol. With your
personality there is nothing you could not do. The world belongs to
you for a season.... The moment I met you I saw that you were quite
unconscious of what you really are, of what you really might be. There
was so much in you that charmed me that I felt I must tell you
something about yourself. I thought how tragic it would be if you were
wasted. For there is such a little time that your youth will last-
such a little time. The common hill-flowers wither, but they blossom
again. The laburnum will be as yellow next June as it is now. In a
month there will be purple stars on the clematis, and year after
year the green night of its leaves will hold its purple stars. But
we never get back our youth. The pulse of joy that beats in us at
twenty, becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We
degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions
of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that
we had not the courage to yield to. Youth! Youth! There is
absolutely nothing in the world but youth!"

  Dorian Gray listened, open-eyed and wondering. The spray of lilac
fell from his hand upon the gravel. A furry bee came and buzzed
round it for a moment. Then it began to scramble all over the oval
stellated globe of its tiny blossoms. He watched it with that
strange interest in trivial things that we try to develop when
things of high import make us afraid, or when we are stirred by some
new emotion for which we cannot find expression, or when some
thought that terrifies us lays sudden siege to the brain and calls
on us to yield. After a time the bee flew away. He saw it creeping
into the stained trumpet of a Tyrian convolvulus. The flower seemed to
quiver, and then swayed gently to and fro.

  Suddenly the painter appeared at the door of the studio, and made
staccato signs for them to come in. They turned to each other, and
smiled.

  "I am waiting," he cried. "Do come in. The light is quite perfect,
and you can bring your drinks."

  They rose up, and sauntered down the walk together. Two
green-and-white butterflies fluttered past them, and in the
pear-tree at the corner of the garden a thrush began to sing.

  "You are glad you have met me, Mr. Gray," said Lord Henry, looking
at him.

  "Yes, I am glad now. I wonder shall I always be glad?"

  "Always! that is a dreadful word. It makes me shudder when I hear
it. Women are so fond of using it. They spoil every romance by
trying to make it last forever. It is a meaningless word, too. The
only difference between a caprice and a life-long passion is that
the caprice lasts a little longer."

  As they entered the studio, Dorian Gray put his hand upon Lord
Henry's arm. "In that case, let our friendship be a caprice," he
murmured, flushing at his own boldness, then stepped up on the
platform and resumed his pose.

  Lord Henry flung himself into a large wicker arm-chair and watched
him. The sweep and dash of the brush on the canvas made the only sound
that broke the stillness, except when, now and then, Hallward
stepped back to look at his work from a distance. In the slanting
beams that streamed through the open doorway the dust danced and was
golden. The heavy scent of the roses seemed to brood over everything.

  After about a quarter of an hour Hallward stopped painting, looked
for a long time at Dorian Gray, and then for a long time at the
picture, biting the end of one of his huge brushes, and frowning.
"It is quite finished," he cried at last, and stooping down he wrote
his name in long vermilion letters on the left-hand corner of the
canvas.

  Lord Henry came over and examined the picture. It was certainly a
wonderful work of art, and a wonderful likeness as well.

  "My dear fellow, I congratulate you most warmly," he said. "It is
the finest portrait of modern times. Mr. Gray, come over and look at
yourself."

  The lad started, as if awakened from some dream. "Is it really
finished?" he murmured, stepping down from the platform.

  "Quite  finished," said the painter. "And you have sat splendidly
to-day. I am awfully obliged to you."

  "That is entirely due to me," broke in Lord Henry. "Isn't it, Mr.
Gray?"

  Dorian made no answer, but passed listlessly in front of his picture
and turned towards it. When he saw it he drew back, and his cheeks
flushed for a moment with pleasure. A look of joy came into his
eyes, as if he had recognized himself for the first time. He stood
there motionless and in wonder, dimly conscious that Hallward was
speaking to him, but not catching the meaning of his words. The
sense of his own beauty came on him like a revelation. He had never
felt it before. Basil Hallward's compliments had seemed to him to be
merely the charming exaggerations of friendship. He had listened to
them, laughed at them, forgotten them. They had not influenced his
nature. Then had come Lord Henry Wotton with his strange panegyric
on youth, his terrible warning of its brevity. That had stirred him at
the time, and now, as he stood gazing at the shadow of his own
loveliness, the full reality of the description flashed across him.
Yes, there would be a day when his face would be wrinkled and wizened,
his eyes dim and colourless, the grace of his figure broken and
deformed. The scarlet would pass away from his lips, and the gold
steal from his hair. The life that was to make his soul would mar
his body. He would become dreadful, hideous, and uncouth.

  As he thought of it, a sharp pang of pain struck through him like
a knife, and made each delicate fibre of his nature quiver. His eyes
deepened into amethyst, and across them came a mist of tears. He
felt as if a hand of ice had been laid upon his heart.

  "Don't you like it?" cried Hallward at last, stung a little by the
lad's silence, not understanding what it meant.

  "Of course he likes it," said Lord Henry. "Who wouldn't like it?
It is one of the greatest things in modern art. I will give you
anything you like to ask for it. I must have it."

  "It is not my property, Harry."

  "Whose property is it?"

  "Dorian's, of course," answered the painter.

  "He is a very lucky fellow."

  "How sad it is!" murmured Dorian Gray, with his eyes still fixed
upon his own portrait. "How sad it is! I shall grow old, and horrible,
and dreadful. But this picture will remain always young. It will never
be older than this particular day of June.... If it were only the
other way! If it were I who was to be always young, and the picture
that was to grow old! For that- for that- I would give everything!
Yes, there is nothing in the whole world I would not give! I would
give my soul for that!"

  "You would hardly care for such an arrangement, Basil," cried Lord
Henry, laughing. "It would be rather hard lines on your work."

  "I should object very strongly, Harry," said Hallward.

  Dorian Gray turned and looked at him. "I believe you would, Basil.
You like your art better than your friends. I am no more to you than a
green bronze figure. Hardly as much, I dare say."

  The painter stared in amazement. It was so unlike Dorian to speak
like that. What had happened? He seemed quite angry. His face was
flushed and his cheeks burning.

  "Yes," he continued, "I am less to you than your ivory Hermes or
your silver Faun. You will like them always. How long will you like
me? Till I have my first wrinkle, I suppose. I know, now, that when
one loses one's good looks, whatever they may be, one loses
everything. Your picture has taught me that. Lord Henry Wotton is
perfectly, right. Youth is the only thing worth having. When I find
that I am growing old, I shall kill myself."

  Hallward turned pale, and caught his hand. "Dorian! Dorian!" he
cried, "don't talk like that. I have never had such a friend as you,
and I shall never have such another. You are not jealous of material
things, are you?- you who are finer than any of them!"

  "I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die. I am
jealous of the portrait you have painted of me. Why should it keep
what I must lose? Every moment that passes takes something from me,
and gives something to it. Oh, if it were only the other way! If the
picture could change. and I could be always what I am now! Why did you
paint it? It will mock me some day- mock me horribly!" The hot tears
welled into his eyes; he tore his hand away, and, flinging himself
on the divan, he buried his face in the cushions, as though he was
praying.

  "This is your doing, Harry," said the painter, bitterly.

  Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "It is the real Dorian Gray- that
is all."

  "It is not."

  "If it is not, what have I to do with it?"

  "You should have gone away when I asked you," he muttered.

  "I stayed when you asked me," was Lord Henry's answer.

  "Harry, I can't quarrel with my two best friends at once, but
between you both you have made me hate the finest piece of work I have
ever done, and I will destroy it. What is it but canvas and colour?
I will not let it come across our three lives and mar them."

  Dorian Gray lifted his golden head from the pillow, and with
pallid face and tear-stained eyes looked at him, as he walked over
to the deal painting-table that was set beneath the high curtained
window. What was he doing there? His fingers were straying about among
the litter of tin tubes and dry brushes, seeking for something. Yes,
it was for the long palette-knife, with its thin blade of lithe steel.
He had found it at last. He was going to rip up the canvas.

  With a stifled sob the lad leaped from the couch, and, rushing
over to Hallward, tore the knife out of his hand, and flung it to
the end of the studio. "Don't, Basil, don't!" he cried. "It would be
murder!"

  "I am glad you appreciate my work at last, Dorian," said the
painter, coldly, when he had recovered from his surprise. "I never
thought you would."

  "Appreciate it? I am in love with it, Basil. It is part of myself. I
feel that."

  "Well, as soon as you are dry, you shall be varnished, and framed,
and sent home. Then you can do what you like with yourself." And he
walked across the room and rang the bell for tea. "You will have
tea, of course, Dorian? And so will you, Harry? Or do you object to
such simple pleasures?"

  "I adore simple pleasures," said Lord Henry. "They are the last
refuge of the complex. But I don't like scenes, except on the stage.
What absurd fellows you are, both of you! I wonder who it was
defined man as a rational animal. It was the most premature definition
ever given. Man is many things, but he is not rational. I am glad he
is not, after all: though I wish you chaps would not squabble over the
picture. You had much better let me have it, Basil. This silly boy
doesn't really want it, and I really do."

  "If you let any one have it but me, Basil, I shall never forgive
you!" cried Dorian Gray; "and I don't allow people to call me a
silly boy."

  "You know the picture is yours, Dorian. I gave it to you before it
existed."

  "And you know you have been a little silly, Mr. Gray, and that you
don't really object to being reminded that you are extremely young."

  "I should have objected very strongly this morning, Lord Henry."

  "Ah! this morning! You have lived since then."

  There came a knock at the door, and the butler entered with a
laden tea-tray, and set it down upon a small Japanese table. There was
a rattle of cups and saucers and the hissing of a fluted Georgian urn.
Two globe-shaped china dishes were brought in by a page. Dorian Gray
went over and poured out the tea. The two men sauntered languidly to
the table, and examined what was under the covers.

  "Let us go to the theatre to-night," said Lord Henry. "There is sure
to be something on, somewhere. I have promised to dine at White's, but
it is only with an old friend, so I can send him a wire to say that
I am ill, or that I am prevented from coming in consequence of a
subsequent engagement. I think that would be a rather nice excuse:
it would have all the surprise of candour."

  "It is such a bore putting on one's dress-clothes," muttered
Hallward. "And, when one has them on, they are so horrid."

  "Yes," answered Lord Henry, dreamily, "the costume of the nineteenth
century is detestable. It is so sombre, so depressing. Sin is the only
real colour-element left in modern life."

  "You really must not say things like that before Dorian, Harry."

  "Before which Dorian? The one who is pouring out tea for us, or
the one in the picture?"

  "Before either."

  "I should like to come to the theatre with you, Lord Henry," said
the lad.

  "Then you shall come; and you will come too, Basil, won't you?"

  "I can't really. I would sooner not. I have a lot of work to do."

  "Well, then, you and I will go, Mr. Gray."

  "I should like that awfully."

  The painter bit his lip and walked over, cup in hand, to the
picture. "I shall stay with the real Dorian," he said, sadly.

  "Is it the real Dorian?" cried the original of the portrait,
strolling across to him. "Am I really like that?"

  "Yes; you are just like that."

  "How wonderful, Basil!"

  "At least you are like it in appearance. But it will never alter,"
sighed Hallward. "That is something."

  "What a fuss people make about fidelity!" exclaimed Lord Henry.
"Why, even in love it is purely a question of physiology. It has
nothing to do with our own will. Young men want to be faithful, and
are not; old men want to be faithless, and cannot: that is all one can
say."

  "Don't go to the theatre to-night, Dorian," said Hallward. "Stop and
dine with me."

  "I can't, Basil."

  "Why?"

  "Because I have promised Lord Henry Wotton to go with him."

  "He won't like you any better for keeping your promises. He always
breaks his own. I beg you not to go."

  Dorian Gray laughed and shook his head.

  "I entreat you."

  The lad hesitated, and looked over at Lord Henry, who was watching
them from the tea-table with an amused smile.

  "I must go, Basil," he answered.

  "Very well," said Hallward; and he went over and laid down his cup
on the tray. "It is rather late, and, as you have to dress, you had
better lose no time. Good-bye, Harry. Good-bye, Dorian. Come and see
me soon. Come to-morrow."

  "Certainly."

  "You won't forget?"

  "No, of course not," cried Dorian.

  "And... Harry!"

  "Yes, Basil?"

  "Remember what I asked you, when we were in the garden this
morning?"

  "I have forgotten it."

  "I trust you."

  "I wish I could trust myself," said Lord Henry, laughing. "Come, Mr.
Gray, my hansom is outside, and I can drop you at your own place.
Good-bye, Basil. It has been a most interesting afternoon."

  As the door closed behind them, the painter flung himself down on
a sofa, and a look of pain came into his face.

                             CHAPTER III

  At half-past twelve next day Lord Henry Wotton strolled from
Curzon Street over to the Albany to call on his uncle, Lord Fermor,
a genial if somewhat rough-mannered old bachelor, whom the outside
world called selfish because it derived no particular benefit from
him, but who was considered generous by Society as he fed the people
who amused him. His father had been our ambassador at Madrid when
Isabella was young, and Prim unthought of, but had retired from the
Diplomatic Service in a capricious moment of annoyance on not being
offered the Embassy at Paris, a post to which he considered that he
was fully entitled by reason of his birth, his indolence, the good
English of his despatches, and his inordinate passion for pleasure.
The son, who had been his father's secretary, had resigned along
with his chief, somewhat foolishly as was thought at the time, and
on succeeding some months later to the title, had set himself to the
serious study of the great aristocratic art of doing absolutely
nothing. He had two large town houses, but preferred to live in
chambers as it was less trouble, and took most of his meals at his
club. He paid some attention to the management of his collieries in
the Midland counties, excusing himself for this taint of industry on
the ground that the one advantage of having coal was that it enabled a
gentleman to afford the decency of burning wood on his own hearth.
In politics he was a Tory, except when the Tories were in office,
during which period he roundly abused them for being a pack of
Radicals. He was a hero to his valet, who bullied him, and a terror to
most of his relations, whom he bullied in turn. Only England could
have produced him, and he always said that the country was going to
the dogs. His principles were out of date, but there was a good deal
to be said for his prejudices.

  When Lord Henry entered the room, he found his uncle sitting in a
rough shooting coat, smoking a cheroot and grumbling over The Times.
"Well, Harry," said the old gentleman, "what brings you out so
early? I thought you dandies never got up until two, and were not
visible until five."

  "Pure family affection, I assure you, Uncle George. I want to get
something out of you."

  "Money, I suppose," said Lord Fermor, making a wry face. "Well,
sit down and tell me all about it. Young people, nowadays, imagine
that money is everything."

  "Yes," murmured Lord Henry, settling his buttonhole in his coat;
"and when they grow older they know it. But I don't want money. It
is only people who pay their bills who want that, Uncle George, and
I never pay mine. Credit is the capital of a younger son, and one
lives charmingly upon it. Besides, I always deal with Dartmoor's
tradesmen, and consequently they never bother me. What I want is
information; not useful information, of course; useless information."

  "Well, I can tell you anything that is in an English Blue-book,
Harry, although those fellows nowadays write a lot of nonsense. When I
was in the Diplomatic, things were much better. But I hear they let
them in now by examination. What can you expect? Examinations, sir,
are pure humbug from beginning to end. If a man is a gentleman, he
knows quite enough, and if he is not a gentleman, whatever he knows is
bad for him."

  "Mr. Dorian Gray does not belong to Blue-books, Uncle George,"
said Lord Henry, languidly.

  "Mr. Dorian Gray? Who is he?" asked Lord Fermor, knitting his
bushy white eyebrows.

  "That is what I have come to learn, Uncle George. Or rather, I
know who, he is. He is the last Lord Kelso's grandson. His mother
was a Devereux, Lady Margaret Devereux. I want you to tell me about
his mother. What was she like? Whom did she marry? You have known
nearly everybody in your time, so you might have known her. I am
very much interested in Mr. Gray at present. I have only just met
him."

  "Kelso's grandson!" echoed the old gentleman. "Kelso's
grandson!... Of course.... I knew his mother intimately. I believe I
was at her christening. She was an extraordinarily beautiful girl,
Margaret Devereux, and made all the men frantic by running away with a
penniless young fellow, a mere nobody, sir, a subaltern in a foot
regiment, or something of that kind. Certainly. I remember the whole
thing as if it happened yesterday. The poor chap was killed in a
duel at Spa a few months after the marriage. There was an ugly story
about it. They said Kelso got some rascally adventurer, some Belgian
brute, to insult his son-in-law in public, paid him, sir, to do it,
paid him, and that the fellow spitted his man as if he had been a
pigeon. The thing was hushed up, but, egad, Kelso ate his chop alone
at the club for some time afterwards. He brought his daughter back
with him, I was told, and she never spoke to him again. Oh, yes; it
was a bad business. The girl died too, died within a year. So she left
a son, did she? I had forgotten that. What sort of a boy is he? If
he is like his mother he must be a good-looking chap."

  "He is very good-looking," assented Lord Henry.

  "I hope he will fall into proper hands," continued the old man.
"He should have a pot of money waiting for him if Kelso did the
right thing by him. His mother had money too. All the Selby property
came to her, through her grandfather. Her grandfather hated Kelso,
thought him a mean dog. He was, too. Came to Madrid once when I was
there. Egad, I was ashamed of him. The Queen used to ask me about
the English noble who was always quarrelling with the cabmen about
their fares. They made quite a story of it. I didn't dare show my face
at Court for a month. I hope he treated his grandson better than he
did the jarvies."

  "I don't know," answered Lord Henry. "I fancy that the boy will be
well off. He is not of age yet. He has Selby, I know. He told me so.
And... his mother was very beautiful?"

  "Margaret Devereux was one of the loveliest creatures I ever saw,
Harry. What on earth induced her to behave as she did, I never could
understand. She could have married anybody she chose. Carlington was
mad after her. She was romantic though. All the women of that family
were. The men were a poor lot, but, egad! the women were wonderful.
Carlington went on his knees to her. Told me so himself. She laughed
at him, and there wasn't a girl in London at the time who wasn't after
him. And by the way, Harry, talking about silly marriages, what is
this humbug your father tells me about Dartmoor wanting to marry an
American? Ain't English girls good enough for him?"

  "It is rather fashionable to marry Americans just now, Uncle
George."

  "I'll back English women against the world, Harry," said Lord
Fermor, striking the table with his fist.

  "The betting is on the Americans."

  "They don't last, I am told," muttered his uncle.

  "A long engagement exhausts them, but they are capital at a
steeplechase. They take things flying. I don't think Dartmoor has a
chance."

  "Who are her people?" grumbled the old gentleman. "Has she got any?"

  Lord Henry shook his head. "American girls are as clever at
concealing their parents, as English women are at concealing their
past," he said, rising to go.

  "They are pork-packers, I suppose?"

  "I hope so, Uncle George, for Dartmoor's sake. I am told that
pork-packing is the most lucrative profession in America, after
politics."

  "Is she pretty?"

  "She behaves as if she was beautiful. Most American women do. It
is the secret of their charm."

  "Why can't these American women stay in their own country? They
are always telling us that it is the Paradise for women."

  "It is. That is the reason why, like Eve, they are so excessively
anxious to get out of it," said Lord Henry. "Good-bye, Uncle George. I
shall be late for lunch, if I stop any longer. Thanks for giving me
the information I wanted. I always like to know everything about my
new friends, and nothing about my old ones."

  "Where are you lunching, Harry?"

  "At Aunt Agatha's. I have asked myself and Mr. Gray. He is her
latest protege."

  "Humph! Tell your Aunt Agatha, Harry, not to bother me with any more
of her charity appeals. I am sick of them. Why, the good woman
thinks that I have nothing to do but write cheques for her silly
fads."

  "All right, Uncle George, I'll tell her, but it won't have any
effect. Philanthropic people lose all sense of humanity. It is their
distinguishing characteristic."

  The old gentleman growled approvingly, and rang the bell for his
servant. Lord Henry passed up the low arcade into Burlington Street,
and turned his steps in the direction of Berkeley Square.

  So that was the story of Dorian Gray's parentage. Crudely as it
had been told to him, it had yet stirred him by its suggestion of a
strange, almost modern romance. A beautiful woman risking everything
for a mad passion. A few wild weeks of happiness cut short by a
hideous, treacherous crime. Months of voiceless agony, and then a
child born in pain. The mother snatched away by death, the boy left to
solitude and the tyranny of an old and loveless man. Yes; it was an
interesting background. It posed the lad, made him more perfect as
it were. Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was
something tragic. Worlds had to be in travail, that the meanest flower
might blow.... And how charming he had been at dinner the night
before, as with startled eyes and lips parted in frightened pleasure
he had sat opposite to him at the club, the red candleshades
staining to a richer rose the wakening wonder of his face. Talking
to him was like playing upon an exquisite violin. He answered to every
touch and thrill of the bow.... There was something terribly
enthralling in the exercise of influence. No other activity was like
it. To project one's soul into some gracious form, and let it tarry
there for a moment; to hear one's own intellectual views echoed back
to one with all the added music of passion and youth; to convey
one's temperament into another as though it were a subtle fluid or a
strange perfume: there was a real joy in that- perhaps the most
satisfying joy left to us in an age so limited and vulgar as our
own, an age grossly carnal in its pleasures, and grossly common in its
aims.... He was a marvellous type, too, this lad, whom by so curious a
chance he had met in Basil's studio, or could be fashioned into a
marvellous type, at any rate. Grace was his, and the white purity of
boyhood, and beauty such as old Greek marbles have kept for us.
There was nothing that one could not do with him. He could be made a
Titan or a toy. What a pity it was that such beauty was destined to
fade!... And Basil? From a psychological point of view, how
interesting he was! The new manner in art, the fresh mode of looking
at life, suggested so strangely by the merely visible presence of
one who was unconscious of it all; the silent spirit that dwelt in dim
woodland, and walked unseen in open field, suddenly showing herself,
Dryad-like and not afraid, because in his soul who sought for her
there had been awakened that wonderful vision to which alone are
wonderful things revealed; the mere shapes and patterns of things
becoming, as it were, refined, and gaining a kind of symbolical value,
as though they were themselves patterns of some other and more perfect
form whose shadow they made real: how strange it all was! He
remembered something like it in history. Was it not Plato, that artist
in thought, who had first analyzed it? Was it not Buonarotti who had
carved it in the coloured marbles of a sonnet-sequence? But in our own
country it was strange.... Yes; he would try to be to Dorian Gray
what, without knowing it, the lad was to the painter who had fashioned
the wonderful portrait. He would seek to dominate him- had already,
indeed, half done so. He would make that wonderful spirit his own.
There was something fascinating in this son of Love and Death.

  Suddenly he stopped, and glanced up at the houses. He found that
he had passed his aunt's some distance, and smiling to himself, turned
back. When he entered the somewhat sombre hall the butler told him
that they had gone in to lunch. He gave one of the footmen his hat and
stick and passed into the dining-room.

  "Late as usual, Harry," cried his aunt, shaking her head at him.

  He invented a facile excuse, and having taken the vacant seat next
to her, looked round to see who was there. Dorian bowed to him shyly
from the end of the table, a flush of pleasure stealing into his
cheek. Opposite was the Duchess of Harley, a lady of admirable
good-nature and good temper, much liked by every one who knew her, and
of those ample architectural proportions that in women who are not
Duchesses are described by contemporary historians as stoutness.
Next to her sat, on her right, Sir Thomas Burdon, a Radical member
of Parliament, who followed his leader in public life and in private
life followed the best cooks, dining with the Tories, and thinking
with the Liberals, in accordance with a wise and well-known rule.
The post on her left was occupied by Mr. Erskine of Treadley, an old
gentleman of considerable charm and culture, who had fallen,
however, into bad habits of silence, having, as he explained once to
Lady Agatha, said everything that he had to say before he was
thirty. His own neighbour was Mrs. Vandeleur, one of his aunt's oldest
friends, a perfect saint amongst women, but so dreadfully dowdy that
she reminded one of a badly bound hymn book. Fortunately for him she
had on the other side Lord Faudel, a most intelligent middle-aged
mediocrity, as bad as a Ministerial statement in the House of Commons,
with whom she was conversing in that intensely earnest manner which is
the one unpardonable error, as he remarked once himself, that all
really good people fall into, and from which none of them ever quite
escape.

  "We are talking about poor Dartmoor, Lord Henry," cried the Duchess,
nodding pleasantly to him across the table. "Do you think he will
really marry this fascinating young person?"

  "I believe she has made up her mind to propose to him, Duchess."

  "How dreadful!" exclaimed Lady Agatha. "Really, some one should
interfere."

  "I am told, on excellent authority, that her father keeps an
American dry-goods store," said Sir Thomas Burdon, looking
supercilious.

  "My uncle has already suggested pork-packing, Sir Thomas."

  "Dry-goods! What are American dry-goods?" asked the Duchess, raising
her large hands in wonder, and accentuating the verb.

  "American novels," answered Lord Henry, helping himself to some
quail.

  The Duchess looked puzzled.

  "Don't mind him, my dear," whispered Lady Agatha. "He never means
anything that he says."

  "When America was discovered," said the Radical member, and he began
to give some wearisome facts. Like all people who try to exhaust a
subject, he exhausted his listeners. The Duchess sighed, and exercised
her privilege of interruption. "I wish to goodness it never had been
discovered at all!" she exclaimed. "Really, our girls have no chance
nowadays. It is most unfair."

  "Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered," said Mr.
Erskine; "I myself would say that it had merely been detected."

  "Oh! but I have seen specimens of the inhabitants," answered the
Duchess, vaguely. "I must confess that most of them are extremely
pretty. And they dress well, too. They get all their dresses in Paris.
I wish I could afford to do the same."

  "They say that when good Americans die they go to Paris," chuckled
Sir Thomas, who had a large wardrobe of Humour's cast-off clothes.

  "Really! And where do bad Americans go when they die?" inquired
the Duchess.

  "They go to America," murmured Lord Henry.

  Sir Thomas frowned. "I am afraid that your nephew is prejudiced
against that great country," he said to Lady Agatha. "I have travelled
all over it, in cars provided by the directors, who, in such
matters, are extremely civil. I assure you that it is an education
to visit it."

  "But must we really see Chicago in order to be educated?" asked
Mr. Erskine, plaintively. "I don't feel up to the journey."

  Sir Thomas waved his hand. "Mr. Erskine of Treadley has the world on
his shelves. We practical men like to see things, not to read about
them. The Americans are an extremely interesting people. They are
absolutely reasonable. I think that is their distinguishing
characteristic. Yes, Mr. Erskine, an absolutely reasonable people. I
assure you there is no nonsense about the Americans."

  "How dreadful!" cried Lord Henry. "I can stand brute force, but
brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about
its use. It is hitting below the intellect."

  "I do not understand you," said Sir Thomas, growing rather red.

  "I do, Lord Henry," murmured Mr. Erskine, with a smile.

  "Paradoxes are all very well in their way..." rejoined the Baronet.

  "Was that a paradox?" asked Mr. Erskine. "I did not think so.
Perhaps it was. Well, the way of paradoxes is the way of truth. To
test Reality we must see it on the tight-rope. When the Verities
become acrobats we can judge them."

  "Dear me!" said Lady Agatha, "how you men argue! I am sure I never
can make out what you are talking about. Oh! Harry, I am quite vexed
with you. Why do you try to persuade our nice Mr. Dorian Gray to
give up the East End? I assure you he would be quite invaluable.
They would love his playing."

  "I want him to play to me," cried Lord Henry, smiling, and he looked
down the table and caught a bright answering glance.

  "But they are so unhappy in Whitechapel," continued Lady Agatha.

  "I can sympathize with everything, except suffering," said Lord
Henry, shrugging his shoulders. "I cannot sympathize with that. It
is too ugly, too horrible, too distressing. There is something
terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should
sympathize with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said
about life's sores the better."

  "Still, the East End is a very important problem," remarked Sir
Thomas, with a grave shake of the head.

  "Quite so," answered the young lord. "It is the problem of
slavery, and we try to solve it by amusing the slaves."

  The politician looked at him keenly. "What change do you propose,
then?" he asked.

  Lord Henry laughed. "I don't desire to change anything in England
except the weather," he answered. "I am quite content with philosophic
contemplation. But, as the nineteenth century has gone bankrupt
through an over-expenditure of sympathy, I would suggest that we
should appeal to Science to put us straight. The advantage of the
emotions is that they lead us astray, and the advantage of Science
is that it is not emotional."

  "But we have such grave responsibilities," ventured Mrs.
Vandeleur, timidly.

  "Terribly grave," echoed Lady Agatha.

  Lord Henry looked over at Mr. Erskine. "Humanity takes itself too
seriously. It is the world's original sin. If the caveman had known
how to laugh; History would have been different."

  "You are really very comforting," warbled the Duchess. "I have
always felt rather guilty when I came to see your dear aunt, for I
take no interest at all in the East End. For the future I shall be
able to look her in the face without a blush."

  "A blush is very becoming, Duchess," remarked Lord Henry.

  "Only when one is young," she answered. "When an old woman like
myself blushes, it is a very bad sign. Ah! Lord Henry, I wish you
would tell me how to become young again."

  He thought for a moment. "Can you remember any great error that
you committed in your early days, Duchess?" he asked, looking at her
across the table.

  "A great many, I fear," she cried.

  "Then commit them over again," he said, gravely. "To get back
one's youth, one has merely to repeat one's follies."

  "A delightful theory!" she exclaimed. "I must put it into practice."

  "A dangerous theory," came from Sir Thomas's tight lips. Lady Agatha
shook her head, but could not help being amused. Mr. Erskine listened.

  "Yes," he continued, "that is one of the great secrets of life.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and
discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets
are one's mistakes."

  A laugh ran round the room.

  He played with the idea, and grew wilful; tossed it into the air and
transformed it; let it escape and recaptured it; made it iridescent
with fancy, and winged it with paradox. The praise of folly, as he
went on, soared into a philosophy, and Philosophy herself became
young, and catching the mad music of Pleasure, wearing, one might
fancy, her wine-stained robe and wreath of ivy, danced like a
Bacchante over the hills of life, and mocked the slow Silenus for
being sober. Facts fled before her like frightened forest things.
Her white feet trod the huge press at which wise Omar sits, till the
seething grape-juice rose round her bare limbs in waves of purple
bubbles, or crawled in red foam over the vat's black, dripping,
sloping sides. It was an extraordinary improvisation. He felt that the
eyes of Dorian Gray were fixed on him, and the consciousness that
amongst his audience there was one whose temperament he wished to
fascinate, seemed to give his wit keenness, and to lend colour to
his imagination. He was brilliant, fantastic, irresponsible. He
charmed his listeners out of themselves, and they followed his pipe
laughing. Dorian Gray never took his gaze off him, but sat like one
under a spell, smiles chasing each other over his lips, and wonder
growing grave in his darkening eyes.

  At last, liveried in the costume of the age, Reality entered the
room in the shape of a servant to tell the Duchess that her carriage
was waiting. She wrung her hands in mock despair. "How annoying!"
she cried. "I must go. I have to call for my husband at the club, to
take him to some absurd meeting at Willis's Rooms, where he is going
to be in the chair. If I am late he is sure to be furious, and I
couldn't have a scene in this bonnet. It is far too fragile. A harsh
word would ruin it. No, I must go, dear Agatha. Good-bye, Lord
Henry, you are quite delightful, and dreadfully demoralizing. I am
sure I don't know what to say about your views. You must come and dine
with us some night. Tuesday,? Are you disengaged Tuesday?"

  "For you I would throw over anybody, Duchess," said Lord Henry, with
a bow.

  "Ah! that is very nice, and very wrong of you," she cried; "so
mind you come;" and she swept out of the room, followed by Lady Agatha
and the other ladies.

  When Lord Henry had sat down again, Mr. Erskine moved round, and
taking a chair close to him, placed his hand upon his arm.

  "You talk books away," he said; "why don't you write one?"

  "I am too fond of reading books to care to write them, Mr.
Erskine. I should like to write a novel certainly, a novel that
would be as lovely as a Persian carpet and as unreal. But there is
no literary public in England for anything except newspapers, primers,
and encyclopaedies. Of all people in the world the English have the
least sense of the beauty of literature."

  "I fear you are right," answered Mr. Erskine. "I myself used to have
literary ambitions, but I gave them up long ago. And now, my dear
young friend, if you will allow me to call you so, may I ask if you
really meant all that you said to us at lunch?"

  "I quite forget what I said," smiled Lord Henry. "Was it all very
bad?"

  "Very bad indeed. In fact I consider you extremely dangerous, and if
anything happens to our good Duchess we shall all look on you as being
primarily responsible. But I should like to talk to you about life.
The generation into which I was born was tedious. Some day, when you
are tired of London, come down to Treadley, and expound to me your
philosophy of pleasure over some admirable Burgundy I am fortunate
enough to possess."

  "I shall be charmed. A visit to Treadley would be a great privilege.
It has a perfect host, and a perfect library."

  "You will complete it," answered the old gentleman, with a courteous
bow. "And now I must bid good-bye to your excellent aunt. I am due
at the Athenaeum. It is the hour when we sleep there."

  "All of you, Mr. Erskine?"

  "Forty of us, in forty arm-chairs. We are practising for an
English Academy of Letters."

  Lord Henry laughed, and rose. "I am going to the Park," he cried.

   As he was passing out of the door Dorian Gray touched him on the
arm. "Let me come with you," he murmured.

  "But I thought you had promised Basil Hallward to go and see him,"
answered Lord Henry.

  "I would sooner come with you; yes, I feel I must come with you.
Do let me. And you will promise to talk to me all the time? No one
talks so wonderfully as you do."

   "Ah! I have talked quite enough for to-day," said Lord Henry,
smiling. "All I want now is to look at life. You may come and look
at it with me, if you care to."

                              CHAPTER IV

  One afternoon, a month later, Dorian Gray was reclining in a
luxurious arm-chair, in the little library of Lord Henry's house in
Mayfair. It was, in its way, a very charming room, with its high
panelled wainscoting of olive-stained oak, its cream-coloured frieze
and ceiling of raised plaster-work, and its brick-dust felt carpet
strewn with silk long-fringed Persian rugs. On a tiny satinwood
table stood a statuette by Clodion, and beside it lay a copy of "Les
Cent Nouvelles," bound for Margaret of Valois by Clovis Eve, and
powdered with the gilt daisies that Queen had selected for her device.
Some large blue china jars and parrot-tulips were ranged on the
mantelshelf, and through the small leaded panes of the window streamed
the apricot-coloured light of a summer day in London.

  Lord Henry had not yet come in. He was always late on principle, his
principle being that punctuality is the thief of time. So the lad
was looking rather sulky, as with listless fingers he turned over
the pages of an elaborately-illustrated edition of "Manon Lescaut"
that he had found in one of the bookcases. The formal monotonous
ticking of the Louis Quatorze clock annoyed him. Once or twice he
thought of going away.

  At last he heard a step outside, and the door opened. "How late
you are, Harry!" he murmured.

  "I am afraid it is not Harry, Mr. Gray," answered a shrill voice.

  He glanced quickly round, and rose to his feet. "I beg your
pardon. I thought--"

  "You thought it was my husband. It is only his wife. You must let me
introduce myself. I know you quite well by your photographs. I think
my husband has got seventeen of them."

  "Not seventeen, Lady Henry?"

  "Well, eighteen, then. And I saw you with him the other night at the
Opera." She laughed nervously as she spoke, and watched him with her
vague forget-me-not eyes. She was a curious woman, whose dresses
always looked as if they had been designed in a rage and put on in a
tempest. She was usually in love with somebody, and, as her passion
was never returned, she had kept all her illusions. She tried to
look picturesque, but only succeeded in being untidy. Her name was
Victoria, and she had a perfect mania for going to church.

  "That was at 'Lohengrin,' Lady Henry, I think?"

  "Yes; it was at dear 'Lohengrin.' I like Wagner's music better
than anybody's. It is so loud that one can talk the whole time without
other people hearing what one says. That is a great advantage: don't
you think so, Mr. Gray?"

  The same nervous staccato laugh broke from her thin lips, and her
fingers began to play with a long tortoise-shell paper-knife.

  Dorian smiled, and shook his head: "I am afraid I don't think so,
Lady Henry. I never talk during music- at least, during good music. If
one hears bad music, it is one's duty to drown it in conversation."

  "Ah! that is one of Harry's views, isn't it, Mr. Gray? I always hear
Harry's views from his friends. It is the only way I get to know of
them. But you must not think I don't like good music. I adore it,
but I am afraid of it. It makes me too romantic. I have simply
worshipped pianists- two at a time, sometimes, Harry tells me. I don't
know what it is about them. Perhaps it is that they are foreigners.
They all are, ain't they? Even those that are born in England become
foreigners after a time, don't they? It is so clever of them, and such
a compliment to art. Makes it quite cosmopolitan, doesn't it? You have
never been to any of my parties, have you, Mr. Gray? You must come.
I can't afford orchids, but I spare no expense in foreigners. They
make one's rooms look so picturesque. But here is Harry!- Harry, I
came in to look for you, to ask you something- I forget what it was-
and I found Mr. Gray here. We have had such a pleasant chat about
music. We have quite the same ideas. No; I think our ideas are quite
different. But he has been most pleasant. I am so glad I've seen him."

  "I am charmed, my love, quite charmed," said Lord Henry, elevating
his dark crescent-shaped eyebrows and looking at them both with an
amused smile. "So sorry I am late, Dorian. I went to look after a
piece of old brocade in Wardour Street, and had to bargain for hours
for it. Nowadays people know the price of everything, and the value of
nothing."

  "I am afraid I must be going," exclaimed Lady Henry, breaking an
awkward silence with her silly sudden laugh. "I have promised to drive
with the Duchess. Good-bye, Mr. Gray. Good-bye, Harry. You are
dining out, I suppose? So am I. Perhaps I shall see you at Lady
Thornbury's."

  "I dare say, my dear," said Lord Henry, shutting the door behind
her, as, looking like a bird of paradise that had been out all night
in the rain, she flitted out of the room, leaving a faint odour of
frangi-pani. Then he lit a cigarette, and flung himself down on the
sofa.

  "Never marry a woman with straw-coloured hair, Dorian," he said,
after a few puffs.

  "Why, Harry?"

  "Because they are so sentimental."

  "But I like sentimental people."

  "Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired; women
because they are curious: both are disappointed."

  "I don't think I am likely to marry, Harry. I am too much in love.
That is one of your aphorisms. I am putting it into practice, as I
do everything that you say."

  "Who are you in love with?" asked Lord Henry, after a pause.

  "With an actress," said Dorian Gray, blushing.

  Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "That is a rather commonplace
debut."

  "You would not say so if you saw her, Harry."

  "Who is she?"

  "Her name is Sibyl Vane."

  "Never heard of her."

  "No one has. People will some day, however. She is a genius."

  "My dear boy, no woman is a genius. Women are a decorative sex. They
never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly. Women
represent the triumph of matter over mind, just as men represent the
triumph of mind over morals."

  "Harry, how can you?"

  "My dear Dorian, it is quite true. I am analyzing women at
present, so I ought to know. The subject is not so abstruse as I
thought it was. I find that, ultimately, there are only two kinds of
women, the plain and the coloured. The plain women are very useful. If
you want to gain a reputation for respectability, you have merely to
take them down to supper. The other women are very charming. They
commit one mistake, however. They paint in order to try and look
young. Our grandmothers painted in order to try and talk
brilliantly. Rouge and esprit used to go together. That is all over
now. As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own
daughter, she is perfectly satisfied. As for conversation, there are
only five women in London worth talking to and two of these can't be
admitted into decent society. However, tell me about your genius.
How long have you known her?"

  "Ah! Harry, your views terrify me."

  "Never mind that. How long have you known her?"

  "About three weeks."

  "And where did you come across her?"

  "I will tell you, Harry; but you mustn't be unsympathetic about
it. After all, it never would have happened if I had not met you.
You filled me with a wild desire to know everything about life. For
days after I met you, something seemed to throb in my veins. As I
lounged in the Park, or strolled down Piccadilly, I used to look at
every one who passed me, and wonder, with a mad curiosity, what sort
of lives they led. Some of them fascinated me. Others filled me with
terror. There was an exquisite poison in the air. I had a passion
for sensations.... Well, one evening about seven o'clock, I determined
to go out in search of some adventure. I felt that this grey,
monstrous London of ours, with its myriads of people, its sordid
sinners, and its splendid sins, as you once phrased it, must have
something in store for me. I fancied a thousand things. The mere
danger gave me a sense of delight. I remembered what you had said to
me on that wonderful evening when we first dined together, about the
search for beauty being the real secret of life. I don't know what I
expected, but I went out and wandered eastward, soon losing my way
in a labyrinth of grimy streets and black, grassless squares. About
half-past eight I passed by an absurd little theatre, with great
flaring gas-jets and gaudy playbills. A hideous Jew, in the most
amazing waistcoat I ever beheld in my life, was standing at the
entrance, smoking a vile cigar. He had greasy ringlets, and an
enormous diamond blazed in the centre of a soiled shirt. 'Have a
box, My Lord?' he said, when he saw me, and he took off his hat with
an air of gorgeous servility. There was something about him, Harry,
that amused me. He was such a monster. You will laugh at me, I know,
but I really went in and paid a whole guinea for the stage-box. To the
present day I can't make out why I did so; and yet if I hadn't- my
dear Harry, if I hadn't, I should have missed the greatest romance
of my life. I see you are laughing. It is horrid of you!"

  "I am not laughing, Dorian; at least I am not laughing at you. But
you should not say the greatest romance of your life. You should say
the first romance of your life. You will always be loved, and you will
always be in love with love. A grande passion is the privilege of
people who have nothing to do. That is the one use of the idle classes
of a country. Don't be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for
you. This is merely the beginning."

  "Do you think my nature so shallow?" cried Dorian Gray, angrily.

  "No; I think your nature so deep."

  "How do you mean?"

  "My dear boy, the people who love only once in their lives are
really the shallow people. What they call their loyalty, and their
fidelity, I call either the lethargy of custom or their lack of
imagination. Faithfulness is to the emotional life what consistency is
to the life of the intellect- simply a confession of failure.
Faithfulness! I must analyze it some day. The passion for property
is in it. There are many things that we would throw away if we were
not afraid that others might pick them up. But I don't want to
interrupt you. Go on with your story."

  "Well, I found myself seated in a horrid little private box, with
a vulgar drop-scene staring me in the face. I looked out from behind
the curtain, and surveyed the house. It was a tawdry affair, all
Cupids and cornucopias, like a third-rate wedding-cake. The gallery
and pit were fairly full, but the two rows of dingy stalls were
quite empty, and there was hardly a person in what I suppose they
called the dress-circle. Women went about with oranges and
ginger-beer, and there was a terrible consumption of nuts going on."

  "It must have been just like the palmy days of the British Drama."

  "Just like, I should fancy, and very depressing. I began to wonder
what on earth I should do, when I caught sight of the play-bill.
What do you think the play was, Harry?"

  "I should think 'The Idiot Boy, or Dumb but Innocent.' Our fathers
used to like that sort of piece, I believe. The longer I live, Dorian,
the more keenly I feel that whatever was good enough for our fathers
is not good enough for us. In art, as in politics, les grandperes
ont toujours tort."

  "This play was good enough for us, Harry. It was 'Romeo and Juliet.'
I must admit I was rather annoyed at the idea of seeing Shakespeare
done in such a wretched hole of a place. Still, I felt interested,
in a sort of way. At any rate, I determined to wait for the first act.
There was a dreadful orchestra, presided over by a young Hebrew who
sat at a cracked piano, that nearly drove me away, but at last the
drop-scene was drawn up, and the play began. Romeo was a stout elderly
gentleman, with corked eyebrows, a husky tragedy voice, and a figure
like a beer-barrel. Mercutio was almost as bad. He was played by the
low-comedian, who had introduced gags of his own and was on most
friendly terms with the pit. They were both as grotesque as the
scenery, and that looked as if it had come out of a country-booth. But
Juliet! Harry, imagine a girl, hardly seventeen years of age, with a
little flower-like face, a small Greek head with plaited coils of
dark-brown hair, eyes that were violet wells of passion, lips that
were like the petals of a rose. She was the loveliest thing I had ever
seen in my life. You said to me once that pathos left you unmoved, but
that beauty, mere beauty, could fill your eyes with tears. I tell you,
Harry, I could hardly see this girl for the mist of tears that came
across me. And her voice- I never heard such a voice. It was very
low at first, with deep mellow notes, that seemed to fall singly
upon one's ear. Then it became a little louder, and sounded like a
flute or a distant haut-bois. In the garden-scene it had all the
tremulous ecstasy that one hears just before dawn when nightingales
are singing. There was moments, later on, when it had the wild passion
of violins. You know how a voice can stir one. Your voice and the
voice of Sibyl Vane are two things that I shall never forget. When I
close my eyes, I hear them, and each of them says something different.
I don't know which to follow. Why should I not love her? Harry, I do
love her. She is everything to me in life. Night after night I go to
see her play. One evening she is Rosalind, and the next evening- she
is Imogen. I have seen her die in the gloom of an Italian tomb,
sucking the poison from her lover's lips. I have watched her wandering
through the forest of Arden, disguised as a pretty boy in hose and
doublet and dainty cap. She has been mad, and has come into the
presence of a guilty king, and given him rue to wear, and bitter herbs
to taste of. She has been innocent, and the black hands of jealousy
have crushed her reed-like throat. I have seen her in every age and in
every costume. Ordinary women never appeal to one's imagination.
They are limited to their century. No glamour ever transfigures
them. One knows their minds as easily as one knows their bonnets.
One can always find them. There is no mystery in any of them: they
ride in the Park in the morning, and chatter at tea-parties in the
afternoon. They have their stereotyped smile, and their fashionable
manner. They are quite obvious. But an actress! How different an
actress is! Harry! why didn't you tell me that the only thing worth
loving is an actress?"

  "Because I have loved so many of them, Dorian."

  "Oh, yes, horrid people with dyed hair and painted faces."

  "Don't run down dyed hair and painted faces. There is an
extraordinary charm in them, sometimes," said Lord Henry.

  "I wish now I had not told you about Sibyl Vane."

  "You could not have helped telling me, Dorian. All through your life
you will tell me everything you do."

  "Yes, Harry, I believe that is true, I cannot help telling you
things. You have a curious influence over me. If I ever did a crime, I
would come and confess it to you. You would understand me."

  "People like you- the wilful sunbeams of life- don't commit
crimes, Dorian. But I am much obliged for the compliment, all the
same. And now tell me- reach me the matches, like a good boy: thanks:-
what are your actual relations with Sibyl Vane?"

  Dorian Gray leaped to his feet, with flushed cheeks and burning
eyes. "Harry! Sibyl Vane is sacred!"

  "It is only the sacred things that are worth touching, Dorian," said
Lord Henry, with a strange touch of pathos in his voice. "But why
should you be annoyed? I suppose she will belong to you some day. When
one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one
always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a
romance. You know her, at any rate, I suppose?"

  "Of course I know her. On the first night I was at the theatre,
the horrid old Jew came round to the box after the performance was
over, and offered to take me behind the scenes and introduce me to
her. I was furious with him, and told him that Juliet had been dead
for hundreds of years, and that her body was lying in a marble tomb in
Verona. I think, from his blank look of amazement, that he was under
the impression that I had taken too much champagne, or something."

  "I am not surprised."

  "Then he asked me if I wrote for any of the newspapers. I told him I
never even read them. He seemed terribly disappointed at that, and
confided to me that all the dramatic critics were in a conspiracy
against him, and that they were every one of them to be bought."

  "I should not wonder if he was quite right there. But, on the
other hand, judging from their appearance, most of them cannot be at
all expensive."

  "Well, he seemed to think they were beyond his means," laughed
Dorian. "By this time, however, the lights were being put out in the
theatre, and I had to go. He wanted me to try some cigars that he
strongly recommended. I declined. The next night, of course, I arrived
at the place again. When he saw me he made a low bow, and assured me
that I was a munificent patron of art. He was a most offensive
brute, though he had an extraordinary passion for Shakespeare. He told
me once, with an air of pride, that his five bankruptcies were
entirely due to 'The Bard,' as he insisted on calling him. He seemed
to think it a distinction."

  "It was a distinction, my dear Dorian- a great distinction. Most
people become bankrupt through having invested too heavily in the
prose of life. To have ruined one's self over poetry is an honour. But
when did you first speak to Miss Sibyl Vane?"

  "The third night. She had been playing Rosalind. I could not help
going round. I had thrown her some flowers, and she had looked at
me; at least I fancied that she had. The old Jew was persistent. He
seemed determined to take me behind, so I consented. It was curious my
not wanting to know her, wasn't it?"

  "No; I don't think so."

  "My dear Harry, why?"

  "I will tell you some other time. Now I want to know about the
girl."

  "Sibyl? Oh, she was so shy, and so gentle. There is something of a
child about her. Her eyes opened wide in exquisite wonder when I
told her what I thought of her performance, and she seemed quite
unconscious of her power. I think we were both rather nervous. The old
Jew stood grinning at the doorway of the dusty greenroom, making
elaborate speeches about us both, while we stood looking at each other
like children. He would insist on calling me 'My Lord,' so I had to
assure Sibyl that I was not anything of the kind. She said quite
simply to me, 'You look more like a prince. I must call you Prince
Charming.'"

  "Upon my word, Dorian, Miss Sibyl knows how to pay compliments."

  "You don't understand her, Harry. She regarded me merely as a person
in a play. She knows nothing of life. She lives with her mother, a
faded tired woman who played Lady Capulet in a sort of magenta
dressing-wrapper on the first night, and looks as if she had seen
better days."

  "I know that look. It depresses me," murmured Lord Henry,
examining his rings.

  "The Jew wanted to tell me her history, but I said it did not
interest me."

  "You were quite right. There is always something infinitely mean
about other people's tragedies."

  "Sibyl is the only thing I care about. What is it to me where she
came from? From her little head to her little feet, she is
absolutely and entirely divine. Every night of my life I go to see her
act, and every night she is more marvellous."

  "That is the reason, I suppose, that you never dine with me now. I
thought you must have some curious romance on hand. You have; but it
is not quite what I expected."

  "My dear Harry, we either lunch or sup together every day, and I
have been to the Opera with you several times," said Dorian, opening
his blue eyes in wonder.

  "You always come dreadfully late."

  "Well, I can't help going to see Sibyl play," he cried, "even if
it is only for a single act. I get hungry for her presence; and when I
think of the wonderful soul that is hidden away in that little ivory
body, I am filled with awe."

  "You can dine with me to-night, Dorian, can't you?"

  He shook his head. "To-night she is Imogen," he answered, "and
to-morrow night she will be Juliet."

  "When is she Sibyl Vane?"

  "Never."

  "I congratulate you."

  "How horrid you are! She is all the great heroines of the world in
one. She is more than an individual. You laugh, but I tell you she has
genius. I love her, and I must make her love me. You, who know all the
secrets of life, tell me how to charm Sibyl Vane to love me! I want to
make Romeo jealous. I want the dead lovers of the world to hear our
laughter, and grow sad. I want a breath of our passion to stir their
dust into consciousness, to wake their ashes into pain. My God, Harry,
how I worship her!" He was walking up and down the room as he spoke.
Hectic spots of red burned on his cheeks. He was terribly excited.

  Lord Henry watched him with a subtle sense of pleasure. How
different he was now from the shy, frightened boy he had met in
Basil Hallward's studio! His nature had developed like a flower, had
borne blossoms of scarlet flame. Out of its secret hiding-place had
crept his Soul, and Desire had come to meet it on the way.

  "And what do you propose to do?" said Lord Henry, at last.

  "I want you and Basil to come with me some night and see her act.
I have not the slightest fear of the result. You are certain to
acknowledge her genius. Then we must get her out of the Jew's hands.
She is bound to him for three years- at least for two years and
eight months- from the present time. I shall have to pay him
something, of course. When all that is settled, I shall take a West
End theatre and bring her out properly. She will make the world as mad
as she has made me."

  "That would be impossible, my dear boy."

  "Yes, she will. She has not merely art, consummate art-instinct,
in her but she has personality also; and you have often told me that
it is personalities, not principles, that move the age."

  "Well, what night shall we go?"

  "Let me see. To-day is Tuesday. Let us fix to-morrow. She plays
Juliet to-morrow."

  "All right. The Bristol at eight o'clock; and I will get Basil."

  "Not eight, Harry, please. Half-past six. We must be there before
the curtain rises. You must see her in the first act, where she
meets Romeo."

  "Half-past six! What an hour! It will be like having a meat-tea,
or reading an English novel. It must be seven. No gentleman dines
before seven. Shall you see Basil between this and then? Or shall I
write to him?"

  "Dear Basil! I have not laid eyes on him for a week. It is rather
horrid of me, as he has sent me my portrait in the most wonderful
frame, specially designed by himself, and, though I am a little
jealous of the picture for being a whole month younger than I am, I
must admit that I delight in it. Perhaps you had better write to
him. I don't want to see him alone. He says things that annoy me. He
gives me good advice."

  Lord Henry smiled. "People are very fond of giving away what they
need most themselves. It is what I call the depth of generosity."

  "Oh, Basil is the best of fellows, but he seems to me to be just a
bit of a Philistine. Since I have known you, Harry, I have
discovered that."

  "Basil, my dear boy, puts everything that is charming in him into
his work. The consequence is that he has nothing left for life but his
prejudices, his principles, and his common sense. The only artists I
have ever known, who are personally delightful, are bad artists.
Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are
perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great
poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets
are absolutely fascinating. The worse their rhymes are, the more
picturesque they look. The mere fact of having published a book of
second-rate sonnets makes a man quite irresistible. He lives the
poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they
dare not realize."

  "I wonder is that really so, Harry?" said Dorian Gray, putting
some perfume on his handkerchief out of a large gold-topped bottle
that stood on the table. "It must be, if you say it. And now I'm
off. Imogen is waiting for me. Don't forget about to-morrow.
Good-bye."

  As he left the room Lord Henry's heavy eyelids drooped, and he began
to think. Certainly few people had ever interested him so much as
Dorian Gray, and yet the lad's mad adoration of some one else caused
him not the slightest pang of annoyance or jealousy. He was pleased by
it. It made him a more interesting study. He had always been
enthralled by the methods of natural science, but the ordinary subject
matter of that science had seemed to him trivial and of no import. And
so he had begun by vivisecting himself, as he had ended by vivisecting
others. Human life- that appeared to him the one thing worth
investigating. Compared to it there was nothing else of any value.
It was true that as one watched life in its curious crucible of pain
and pleasure, one could not wear over one's face a mask of glass,
nor keep the sulphurous fumes from troubling the brain and making
the imagination turbid with monstrous fancies and misshapen dreams.
There were poisons so subtle that to know their properties one had
to sicken of them. There were maladies so strange that one had to pass
through them if one sought to understand their nature. And, yet,
what a great reward one received! How wonderful the whole world became
to one! To note the curious hard logic of passion, and the emotional
coloured life of the intellect- to observe where they met, and where
they separated, at what point they were in unison, and at what point
they were at discord- there was a delight in that. What matter what
the cost was? One could never pay too high a price for any sensation.

  He was conscious- and the thought brought a gleam of pleasure into
his brown agate eyes- that it was through certain words of his,
musical words said with musical utterance, that Dorian Gray's soul had
turned to this white girl and bowed in worship before her. To a
large extent the lad was his own creation. He had made him
premature. That was something. Ordinary people waited till life
disclosed to them its secrets, but to the few, to the elect, the
mysteries of life were revealed before the veil was drawn away.
Sometimes this was the effect of art, and chiefly of the art of
literature, which dealt immediately with the passions and the
intellect. But now and then a complex personality took the place and
assumed the office of art, was indeed, in its way, a real work of art,
Life having its elaborate masterpieces, just as poetry has, or
sculpture, or painting.

  Yes, the lad was premature. He was gathering his harvest while it
was yet spring. The pulse and passion of youth were in him, but he was
becoming self-conscious. It was delightful to watch him. With his
beautiful face, and his beautiful soul, he was a thing to wonder at.
It was no matter how it all ended, or was destined to end. He was like
one of those gracious figures in a pageant or a play, whose joys
seem to be remote from one, but whose sorrows stir one's sense of
beauty, and whose wounds are like red roses.

  Soul and body, body and soul- how mysterious they were! There was
animalism in the soul, and the body had its moments of spirituality.
The senses could refine, and the intellect could degrade. Who could
say where the fleshly impulse ceased, or the psychical impulse
began? How shallow were the arbitrary definitions of ordinary
psychologists! And yet how difficult to decide between the claims of
the various schools! Was the soul a shadow seated in the house of sin?
Or was the body really in the soul, as Giordano Bruno thought? The
separation of spirit from matter was a mystery, and the union of
spirit with matter was a mystery also.

   He began to wonder whether we could ever make psychology so
absolute a science that each little spring of life would be revealed
to us. As it was, we always misunderstood ourselves, and rarely
understood others. Experience was of no ethical value. It was merely
the name men gave to their mistakes. Moralists had, as a rule,
regarded it as a mode of warning, had claimed for it a certain ethical
efficacy in the formation of character, had praised it as something
that taught us what to follow and showed us what to avoid. But there
was no motive power in experience. It was as little of an active cause
as conscience itself. All that it really demonstrated was that our
future would be the same as our past, and that the sin we had done
once, and with loathing, we would do many times, and with joy.

  It was clear to him that the experimental method was the only method
by which one could arrive at any scientific analysis of the
passions; and certainly Dorian Gray was a subject made to his hand,
and seemed to promise rich and fruitful results. His sudden mad love
for Sibyl Vane was a psychological phenomenon of no small interest.
There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity
and the desire for new experiences; yet it was not a simple but rather
a very complex passion. What there was in it of the purely sensuous
instinct of boyhood had been transformed by the workings of the
imagination, changed into something that seemed to the lad himself
to be remote from sense, and was for that very reason all the more
dangerous. It was the passions about whose origin we deceived
ourselves that tyrannized most strongly over us. Our weakest motives
were those of whose nature we were conscious. It often happened that
when we thought we were experimenting on others we were really
experimenting on ourselves.

  While Lord Henry sat dreaming on these things, a knock came to the
door, and his valet entered, and reminded him it was time to dress for
dinner. He got up and looked out into the street. The sunset had
smitten into scarlet gold the upper windows of the houses opposite.
The panes glowed like plates of heated metal. The sky above was like a
faded rose. He thought of his friend's young fiery-coloured life,
and wondered how it was all going to end.

  When he arrived home, about half-past twelve o'clock, he saw a
telegram lying on the hall table. He opened it, and found it was
from Dorian Gray. It was to tell him that he was engaged to be married
to Sibyl Vane.

                              CHAPTER V

  "Mother, mother, I am so happy!" whispered the girl, burying her
face in the lap of the faded, tired-looking woman who, with back
turned to the shrill intrusive light, was sitting in the one arm-chair
that their dingy sitting-room contained. "I am so happy!" she
repeated, "and you must be happy too!"

  Mrs. Vane winced, and put her thin bismuth-whitened hands on her
daughter's head. "Happy!" she echoed, "I am only happy, Sibyl, when
I see you act. You must not think of anything but your acting. Mr.
Isaacs has been very good to us, and we owe him money."

  The girl looked up and pouted. "Money, mother?" she cried. "What
does money matter? Love is more than money."

  "Mr. Isaacs has advanced us fifty pounds to pay off our debts, and
to get a proper outfit for James. You must not forget that, Sibyl.
Fifty pounds is a very large sum. Mr. Isaacs has been most
considerate."

  "He is not a gentleman, mother, and I hate the way he talks to
me," said the girl, rising to her feet, and going over to the window.

  "I don't know how we could manage without him," answered the elder
woman, querulously.

  Sibyl Vane tossed her head and laughed. "We don't want him any more,
mother. Prince Charming rules life for us now." Then she paused. A
rose shook in her blood, and shadowed her cheeks. Quick breaths parted
the petals of her lips. They trembled. Some southern wind of passion
swept over her, and stirred the dainty folds of her dress. "I love
him," she said, simply,.

  "Foolish child! foolish child!" was the parrot-phrase flung in
answer. The waving of crooked, false-jewelled fingers gave
grotesqueness to the words.

  The girl laughed again. The joy of a caged bird was in her voice.
Her eyes caught the melody and echoed it in radiance: then closed
for a moment, as though to hide their secret. When they opened, the
mist of a dream had passed across them.

  Thin-lipped wisdom spoke at her from the worn chair, hinted at
prudence, quoted from that book of cowardice whose author apes the
name of common sense. She did not listen. She was free in her prison
of passion. Her prince, Prince Charming, was with her. She had
called on Memory to remake him. She had sent her soul to search for
him, and it had brought him back. His kiss burned again upon her
mouth. Her eyelids were warm with his breath.

  Then Wisdom altered its method and spoke of espial and discovery.
This young man might be rich. If so, marriage should be thought of.
Against the shell of her ear broke the waves of worldly cunning. The
arrows of craft shot by her. She saw the thin lips moving, and smiled.

  Suddenly she felt the need to speak. The wordy silence troubled her.
"Mother, mother," she cried, "why does he love me so much? I know
why I love him. I love him because he is like what Love himself should
be. But what does he see in me? I am not worthy of him. And yet-
why, I cannot tell- though I feel so much beneath him, I don't feel
humble. I feel proud, terribly proud. Mother, did you love my father
as I love Prince Charming?"

  The elder woman grew pale beneath the coarse powder that daubed
her cheeks, and her dry lips twitched with a spasm of pain. Sibyl
rushed to her, flung her arms round her neck, and kissed her. "Forgive
me, mother. I know it pains you to talk about our father. But it
only pains you because you loved him so much. Don't look so sad. I
am as happy to-day as you were twenty years ago. Ah! let me be happy
forever!"

  "My child, you are far too young to think of falling in love.
Besides, what do you know of this young man. You don't even know his
name. The whole thing is most inconvenient, and really, when James
is going away to Australia, and I have so much to think of, I must say
that you should have shown more consideration. However, as I said
before, if he is rich..."

  "Ah! mother, mother, let me be happy!"

  Mrs. Vane glanced at her, and with one of those false theatrical
gestures that so often become a mode of second nature to a
stage-player, clasped her in her arms. At this moment the door opened,
and a young lad with rough brown hair came into the room. He was
thick-set of figure, and his hands and feet were large, and somewhat
clumsy in movement. He was not so finely bred as his sister. One would
hardly have guessed the close relationship that existed between
them. Mrs. Vane fixed her eyes on him, and intensified her smile.
She mentally elevated her son to the dignity of an audience. She
felt sure that the tableau was interesting.

  "You might keep some of your kisses for me, Sibyl, I think," said
the lad, with a good-natured grumble.

  "Ah! but you don't like being kissed, Jim," she cried. "You are a
dreadful old bear." And she ran across the room and hugged him.

  James Vane looked into his sister's face with tenderness. "I want
you to come out with me for a walk, Sibyl. I don't suppose I shall
ever see this horrid London again. I am sure I don't want to."

  "My son, don't say such dreadful things," murmured Mrs. Vane, taking
up a tawdry theatrical dress, with a sigh, and beginning to patch
it. She felt a little disappointed that he had not joined the group.
It would have increased the theatrical picturesqueness of the
situation.

  "Why not, mother? I mean it."

  "You pain me, my son. I trust you will return from Australia in a
position of affluence. I believe there is no society of any kind in
the Colonies, nothing that I would call society; so when you have made
your fortune you must come back and assert yourself in London."

  "Society!" muttered the lad. "I don't want to know anything about
that. I should like to make some money to take you and Sibyl off the
stage. I hate it."

  "Oh, Jim!" said Sibyl, laughing, "how unkind of you! But are you
really going for a walk with me? That will be nice! I was afraid you
were going to say good-bye to some of your friends- to Tom Hardy,
who gave you that hideous pipe, or Ned Langton, who makes fun of you
for smoking it. It is very sweet of you to let me have your last
afternoon. Where shall we go? Let us go to the Park."

  "I am too shabby," he answered, frowning. "Only swell people go to
the Park."

  "Nonsense, Jim," she whispered, stroking the sleeve of his coat.

  He hesitated for a moment. "Very well," he said at last, "but
don't be to long dressing." She danced out of the door. One could hear
her singing as she ran upstairs. Her little feet pattered overhead.

  He walked up and down the room two or three times. Then he turned to
the still figure in the chair. "Mother, are my things ready?" he
asked.

  "Quite ready, James," she answered, keeping her eyes on her work.
For some months past she had felt ill at ease when she was alone
with this rough, stern son of hers. Her shallow secret nature was
troubled when their eyes met. She used to wonder if he suspected
anything. The silence, for he made no other observation, became
intolerable to her. She began to complain. Women defend themselves
by attacking, just as they attack by sudden and strange surrenders. "I
hope you will be contented, James, with your sea-faring life," she
said. "You must remember that it is your own choice. You might have
entered a solicitor's office. Solicitors are a very respectable class,
and in the country often dine with the best families."

  "I hate offices, and I hate clerks," he replied. "But you are
quite right. I have chosen my own life. All I say is, watch over
Sibyl. Don't let her come to any harm. Mother, you must watch over
her."

  "James, you really talk very strangely. Of course I watch over
Sibyl."

  "I hear a gentleman comes every night to the theatre, and goes
behind to talk to her. Is that right? What about that?"

  "You are speaking about things you don't understand, James. In the
profession we are accustomed to receive a great deal of most
gratifying attention. I myself used to receive many bouquets at one
time. That was when acting was really understood. As for Sibyl, I do
not know at present whether her attachment is serious or not. But
there is no doubt that the young man in question is a perfect
gentleman. He is always most polite to me. Besides, he has the
appearance of being rich, and the flowers he sends are lovely."

  "You don't know his name, though," said the lad, harshly.

  "No," answered his mother, with a placid expression in her face. "He
has not yet revealed his real name. I think it is quite romantic of
him. He is probably a member of the aristocracy."

  James Vane bit his lip. "Watch over Sibyl, mother," he cried, "watch
over her."

  "My son, you distress me very much. Sibyl is always under my special
care. Of course, if this gentleman is wealthy, there is no reason
why she could not contract an alliance with him. I trust he is one
of the aristocracy. He has all the appearance of it, I must say. It
might be a most brilliant marriage for Sibyl. They would make a
charming couple. His good looks are really quite remarkable; everybody
notices them."

  The lad muttered something to himself, and drummed on the windowpane
with his coarse fingers. He had just turned round to say something,
when the door opened, and Sibyl ran in.

  "How serious you both are!" she cried. "What is the matter?"

  "Nothing," he answered. "I suppose one must be serious sometimes.
Good-bye, mother. I will have my dinner at five o'clock. Everything is
packed, except my shirts, so you need not trouble."

  "Good-bye, my son," she answered, with a bow of strained
stateliness.

  She was extremely annoyed at the tone he had adopted with her, and
there was something in his look that had made her feel afraid.

  "Kiss me, mother," said the girl. Her flower-like lips touched the
withered cheek, and warmed its frost.

  "My child! my child!" cried Mrs. Vane, looking up to the ceiling
in search of an imaginary gallery.

  "Come, Sibyl," said her brother, impatiently. He hated his
mother's affectations.

  They went out into the flickering wind-blown sunlight, and
strolled down the dreary Euston Road. The passers-by glanced in wonder
at the sullen, heavy youth, who, in coarse, ill-fitting clothes, was
in the company of such a graceful, refined-looking girl. He was like a
common gardener walking with a rose.

  Jim frowned from time to time when he caught the inquisitive
glance of some stranger. He had that dislike of being stared at
which comes on geniuses late in life, and never leaves the
commonplace. Sibyl, however, was quite unconscious of the effect she
was producing. Her love was trembling in laughter on her lips. She was
thinking of Prince Charming, and, that she might think of him all
the more, she did not talk of him, but prattled on about the ship in
which Jim was going to sail, about the gold he was certain to find,
about the wonderful heiress whose life he was to save from the wicked,
red-shirted bushrangers. For he was not to remain a sailor, or a
super-cargo, or whatever he was going to be. Oh, no! A sailor's
existence was dreadful. Fancy being cooped up in a horrid ship, with
the hoarse, hump-backed waves trying to get in, and a black wind
blowing the masts down, and tearing the sails into long screaming
ribands! He was to leave the vessel at Melbourne, bid a polite
good-bye to the captain, and go off at once to the gold-fields. Before
a week was over he was to come across a large nugget of pure gold, the
largest nugget that had ever been discovered, and bring it down to the
coast in a waggon guarded by six mounted policemen. The bushrangers
were to attack them three times, and be defeated with immense
slaughter. Or, no. He was not to go to the gold-fields at all. They
were horrid places, where men got intoxicated, and shot each other
in bar-rooms, and used bad language. He was to be a nice sheep-farmer,
and one evening, as he was riding home, he was to see the beautiful
heiress being carried off by a robber on a black horse, and give
chase, and rescue her. Of course she would fall in love with him,
and he with her, and they would get married, and come home, and live
in an immense house in London. Yes, there were delightful things in
store for him. But he must be very good, and not lose his temper, or
spend his money foolishly. She was only a year older than he was,
but she knew so much more of life. He must be sure, also, to write
to her by every mail, and to say his prayers each night before he went
to sleep. God was very good, and would watch over him. She would
pray for him too, and in a few years he would come back quite rich and
happy.

  The lad listened sulkily to her, and made no answer. He was
heart-sick at leaving home.

  Yet it was not this alone that made him gloomy and morose.
Inexperienced though he was, he had still a strong sense of the danger
of Sibyl's position. This young dandy who was making love to her could
mean her no good. He was a gentleman, and he hated him for that, hated
him through some curious race-instinct for which he could not account,
and which for that reason was all the more dominant within him. He was
conscious also of the shallowness and vanity of his mother's nature,
and in that saw infinite peril for Sibyl and Sibyl's happiness.
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they
judge them; sometimes they forgive them.

  His mother! He had something on his mind to ask her, something
that he had brooded on for many months of silence. A chance phrase
that he had heard at the theatre, a whispered sneer that had reached
his ears one night as he waited at the stage-door, had set loose a
train of horrible thoughts. He remembered it as if it had been the
lash of a hunting-crop across his face. His brows knit together into a
wedge-like furrow, and with a twitch of pain he bit his under-lip.

  "You are not listening to a word I am saying, Jim," cried Sibyl,
"and I am making the most delightful plans for your future. Do say
something."

  "What do you want me to say?"

  "Oh! that you will be a good boy, and not forget us," she
answered, smiling at him.

  He shrugged his shoulders. "You are more likely to forget me, than I
am to forget you, Sibyl."

  She flushed. "What do you mean, Jim?" she asked.

  "You have a new friend, I hear. Who is he? Why have you not told
me about him? He means you no good."

  "Stop, Jim!" she exclaimed. "You must not say anything against
him. I love him."

  "Why, you don't even know his name," answered the lad. "Who is he? I
have a right to know."

  "He is called Prince Charming. Don't you like the name? Oh! you
silly boy,! you should never forget it. If you only saw him, you would
think him the most wonderful person in the world. Some day you will
meet him: when you come back from Australia. You will like him so
much. Everybody likes him, and I... love him. I wish you could come to
the theatre to-night. He is going to be there, and I am to play
Juliet. Oh! how I shall play it! Fancy, Jim, to be in love and play
Juliet! To have him sitting there! To play for his delight! I am
afraid I may frighten the company, frighten or enthrall them. To be in
love is to surpass one's self. Poor dreadful Mr. Isaacs will be
shouting 'genius' to his loafers at the bar. He has preached me as a
dogma; to-night he will announce me as a revelation. I feel it. And it
is all his, his only, Prince Charming, my wonderful lover, my god of
graces. But I am poor beside him. Poor? What does that matter? When
poverty creeps in at the door, love flies in through the window. Our
proverbs want re-writing. They were made in winter, and it is summer
now; spring-time for me, I think, a very dance of blossoms in blue
skies."

  "He is a gentleman," said the lad, sullenly.

  "A Prince!" she cried, musically. "What more do you want?"

  "He wants to enslave you."

  "I shudder at the thought of being free."

  "I want you to beware of him."

  "To see him is to worship him, to know him is to trust him."

  "Sibyl, you are mad about him."

  She laughed, and took his arm. "You dear old Jim, you talk as if you
were a hundred. Some day you will be in love yourself. Then you will
know what it is. Don't look so sulky. Surely you should be glad to
think that, though you are going away, you leave me happier than I
have ever been before. Life has been hard for us both, terribly hard
and difficult. But it will be different now. You are going to a new
world, and I have found one. Here are two chairs; let us sit down
and see the smart people go by."

  They took their seats amidst a crowd if watchers. The tulip-beds
across the road flamed like throbbing rings of fire. A white dust,
tremulous cloud of orris-root it seemed, hung in the panting air.
The brightly-coloured parasols danced and dipped like monstrous
butterflies.

  She made her brother talk of himself, his hopes, his prospects. He
spoke slowly and with effort. They passed words to each other as
players at a game pass counters. Sibyl felt pressed. She could not
communicate her joy. A faint smile curving that sullen mouth was all
the echo she could win. After some time she became silent. Suddenly
she caught a glimpse of golden hair and laughing lips, and in an
open carriage with two ladies Dorian Gray drove past.

  She started to her feet. "There he is!" she cried.

  "Who?" said Jim Vane.

  "Prince Charming," she answered, looking after the victoria.

  He jumped up, and seized her roughly by the arm. "Show him to me.
Which is he? Point him out. I must see him!" he exclaimed; but at that
moment the Duke of Berwick's four-in-hand came between, and when it
had left the space clear, the carriage had swept out of the Park.

  "He is gone," murmured Sibyl, sadly. "I wish you had seen him."

  "I wish I had, for as sure as there is a God in heaven, if he ever
does you any wrong, I shall kill him."

  She looked at him in horror. He repeated his words. They cut the air
like a dagger. The people round began to gape. A lady standing close
to her tittered.

  "Come away, Jim; come away," she whispered. He followed her doggedly
as she passed through the crowd. He felt glad at what he had said.

  When they reached the Achilles Statue she turned round. There was
pity in her eyes that became laughter on her lips. She shook her
head at him. "You are foolish, Jim, utterly foolish; a bad-tempered
boy, that is all. How can you say such horrible things? You don't know
what you are talking about. You are simply jealous and unkind. Ah! I
wish you would fall in love. Love makes people good, and what you said
was wicked."

  "I am sixteen," he answered, "and I know what I am about. Mother
is no help to you. She doesn't understand how to look after you. I
wish now that I was not going to Australia at all. I have a great mind
to chuck the whole thing up. I would, if my articles hadn't been
signed."

  "Oh, don't be so serious, Jim. You are like one of the heroes of
those silly melodramas mother used to be so fond of acting in. I am
not going to quarrel with you. I have seen him, and oh! to see him
is perfect happiness. We won't quarrel. I know you would never harm
any one I love, would you?"

  "Not as long as you love him, I suppose," was the sullen answer.

  "I shall love him for ever!" she cried.

  "And he?"

  "For ever, too!"

  "He had better."

  She shrank from him. Then she laughed and put her hand on his arm.
He was merely a boy.

  At the Marble Arch they hailed an omnibus, which left them close
to their shabby home in the Euston Road. It was after five o'clock,
and Sibyl had to lie down for a couple of hours before acting. Jim
insisted that she should do so. He said that he would sooner part with
her when their mother was not present. She would be sure to make a
scene, and he detested scenes of every kind.

  In Sibyl's own room they parted. There was jealousy in the lad's
heart, and a fierce, murderous hatred of the stranger who, as it
seemed to him, had come between them. Yet, when her arms were flung
around his neck, and her fingers strayed through his hair, he
softened, and kissed her with real affection. There were tears in
his eyes as he went downstairs.

  His mother was waiting for him below. She grumbled at his
unpunctuality, as he entered. He made no answer, but sat down to his
meagre meal. The flies buzzed round the table, and crawled over the
stained cloth. Through the rumble of omnibuses, and the clatter of
street-cabs, he could hear the droning voice devouring each minute
that was left to him.

  After some time, he thrust away his plate, and put his head in his
hands. He felt that he had a right to know. It should have been told
to him before, if it was as he suspected. Leaden with fear, his mother
watched him. Words dropped mechanically from her lips. A tattered lace
handkerchief twitched in her fingers. When the clock struck six, he
got up, and went to the door. When he turned back, and looked at
her. Their eyes met. In hers he saw a wild appeal for mercy. It
enraged him.

  "Mother, I have something to ask you," he said. Her eyes wandered
vaguely about the room. She made no answer. "Tell me the truth. I have
a right to know. Were you married to my father?"

  She heaved a deep sigh. It was a sigh of relief. The terrible
moment, the moment that night and day, for weeks and months, she had
dreaded, had come at last, and yet she felt no terror. Indeed in
some measure it was a disappointment to her. The vulgar directness
of the question called for a direct answer. The situation had not been
gradually led up to. It was crude. It reminded her of a bad rehearsal.

  "No," she answered, wondering at the harsh simplicity of life.

  "My father was a scoundrel then!" cried the lad, clenching his
fists.

  She shook her head. "I knew he was not free. We loved each other
very much. If he had lived, he would have made provision for us. Don't
speak against him, my son. He was your father, and a gentleman. Indeed
he was highly connected."

  An oath broke from his lips. "I don't care for myself," he
exclaimed, "but don't let Sibyl... It is a gentleman, isn't it, who is
in love with her, or says he is? Highly connected, too, I suppose."

  For a moment a hideous sense of humiliation came over the woman. Her
head drooped. She wiped her eyes with shaking hands. "Sibyl has a
mother," she murmured; "I had none."

  The lad was touched. He went towards her, and stooping down he
kissed her. "I am sorry if I have pained you by asking about my
father," he said, "but I could not help it. I must go now. Good-bye.
Don't forget that you will have only one child now to look after,
and believe me that if this man wrongs my sister, I will find out
who he is, track him down, and kill him like a dog. I swear it."

  The exaggerated folly of the threat, the passionate gesture that
accompanied it, the mad melodramatic words, made life seem more
vivid to her. She was familiar with the atmosphere. She breathed
more freely, and for the first time in many months she really
admired her son. She would have liked to have continued the scene on
the same emotional scale, but he cut her short. Trunks had to be
carried down, and mufflers looked for. The lodging-house drudge
bustled in and out. There was the bargaining with the cab-man. The
moment was lost in vulgar details. It was with a renewed feeling of
disappointment that she waved the tattered lace handkerchief from
the window, as her son drove away. She was conscious that a great
opportunity had been wasted. She consoled herself by telling Sibyl how
desolate she felt her life would be, now that she had only one child
to look after. She remembered the phrase. It had pleased her. Of the
threat she said nothing. It was vividly and dramatically expressed.
She felt that they would all laugh at it some day.

                              CHAPTER VI

  "I suppose you have heard the news, Basil?" said Lord Henry that
evening, as Hallward was shown into a little private room at the
Bristol where dinner had been laid for three.

  "No, Harry," answered the artist, giving his hat and coat to the
bowing waiter. "What is it? Nothing about politics, I hope? They don't
interest me. There is hardly a single person in the House of Commons
worth painting; though many of them would be the better for a little
whitewashing."

  "Dorian Gray is engaged to be married," said Lord Henry, watching
him as he spoke.

  Hallward started, and then frowned. "Dorian engaged to be
married!" he cried. "Impossible!"

  "It is perfectly true."

  "To whom?"

  "To some little actress or other."

  "I can't believe it. Dorian is far too sensible."

  "Dorian is far too wise not to do foolish things now and then, my
dear Basil."

  "Marriage is hardly a thing that one can do now and then, Harry."

  "Except in America," rejoined Lord Henry, languidly. "But I didn't
say he was married. I said he was engaged to be married. There is a
great difference. I have a distinct remembrance of being married,
but I have no recollection at all of being engaged. I am inclined to
think that I never was engaged."

  "But think of Dorian's birth, and position, and wealth. It would
be absurd for him to marry so much beneath him."

  "If you want to make him marry this girl tell him that, Basil. He is
sure to do it, then. Whenever a man does a thoroughly stupid thing, it
is always from the noblest motives."

  "I hope the girl is good, Harry. I don't want to see Dorian tied
to some vile creature, who might degrade his nature and ruin his
intellect."

  "Oh, she is better than good- she is beautiful," murmured Lord
Henry, sipping a glass of vermouth and orange-bitters. "Dorian says
she is beautiful; and he is not often wrong about things of that kind.
Your portrait of him has quickened his appreciation of the personal
appearance of other people. It has had that excellent effect,
amongst others. We are to see her to-night, if that boy doesn't forget
his appointment."

  "Are you serious?"

  "Quite serious, Basil. I should be miserable if I thought I should
ever be more serious than I am at the present moment."

  "But do you approve of it, Harry?" asked the painter, walking up and
down the room, and biting his lip. "You can't approve of it, possibly.
It is some silly infatuation."

  "I never approve, or disapprove, of anything now. It is an absurd
attitude to take towards life. We are not sent into the world to air
our moral prejudices. I never take any notice of what common people
say, and I never interfere with what charming people do. If a
personality fascinates me, whatever mode of expression that
personality selects is absolutely delightful to me. Dorian Gray
falls in love with a beautiful girl who acts Juliet, and proposes to
marry her. Why not? If he wedded Messalina he would be none the less
interesting. You know I am not a champion of marriage. The real
drawback to marriage is that it makes one unselfish. And unselfish
people are colourless. They lack individuality. Still, there are
certain temperaments that marriage makes more complex. They retain
their egotism, and add to it many other egos. They are forced to
have more than one life. They become highly organized, and to be
highly organized is, I should fancy, the object of man's existence.
Besides, every experience is of value, and, whatever one may say
against marriage, it is certainly an experience. I hope that Dorian
Gray will make this girl his wife, passionately adore her for six
months, and then suddenly become fascinated by some one else. He would
be a wonderful study."

  "You don't mean a single word of all that, Harry; you know you
don't. If Dorian Gray's life were spoiled, no one would be sorrier
than yourself. You are much better than you pretend to be."

  Lord Henry laughed. "The reason we all like to think so well of
others is that we are all afraid for ourselves. The basis of
optimism is sheer terror. We think that we are generous because we
credit our neighbour with the possession of those virtues that are
likely to be a benefit to us. We praise the banker that we may
overdraw our account, and find good qualities in the highwayman in the
hope that he may spare our pockets. I mean everything that I have
said. I have the greatest contempt for optimism. As for a spoiled
life, no life is spoiled but one whose growth is arrested. If you want
to mar a nature, you have merely to reform it. As for marriage, of
course that would be silly, but there are other and more interesting
bonds between men and women. I will certainly encourage them. They
have the charm of being fashionable. But here is Dorian himself. He
will tell you more than I can."

  "My dear Harry, my dear Basil, you must both congratulate me!"
said the lad, throwing off his evening cape with its satin-lined
wings, and shaking each of his friends by the hand in turn. "I have
never been so happy. Of course it is sudden: all really delightful
things are. And yet it seems to me to be the one thing I have been
looking for all my life." He was flushed with excitement and pleasure,
and looked extraordinarily handsome.

  "I hope you will always be very happy, Dorian," said Hallward,
"but I don't quite forgive you for not having let me know of your
engagement. You let Harry know."

  "And I don't forgive you for being late for dinner," broke in Lord
Henry, putting his hand on the lad's shoulder, and smiling as he
spoke. "Come, let us sit down and try what the new chef here is
like, and then you will tell us how it all came about."

  "There is really not much to tell," cried Dorian, as they took their
seats at the small round table. "What happened was simply this.
After I left you yesterday evening, Harry, I dressed, had some
dinner at that little Italian restaurant in Rupert Street, you
introduced me to, and went down at eight o'clock to the theatre. Sibyl
was playing Rosalind. Of course the scenery was dreadful, and the
Orlando absurd. But Sibyl! You should have seen her! When she came
on in her boy's clothes she was perfectly wonderful. She wore a
moss-coloured velvet jerkin with cinnamon sleeves, slim brown
cross-gartered hose, a dainty little green cap with a hawk's feather
caught in a jewel, and a hooded cloak lined with dull red. She had
never seemed to me more exquisite. She had all the delicate grace of
that Tanagra figurine that you have in your studio, Basil. Her hair
clustered round her face like dark leaves round a pale rose. As for
her acting- well, you shall see her to-night. She is simply a born
artist. I sat in the dingy box absolutely enthralled. I forgot that
I was in London and in the nineteenth century. I was away with my love
in a forest that no man had ever seen. After the performance was
over I went behind, and spoke to her. As we were sitting together,
suddenly there came into her eyes a look that I had never seen there
before. My lips moved toward hers. We kissed each other. I can't
describe to you what I felt at that moment. It seemed to me that all
my life had been narrowed to one perfect point of rose-coloured joy.
She trembled all over, and shook like a white narcissus. Then she
flung herself on her knees and kissed my hands. I feel that I should
not tell you all this, but I can't help it. Of course our engagement
is a dead secret. She has not even told her own mother. I don't know
what my guardian will say. Lord Radley is sure to be furious. I
don't care. I shall be of age in less than a year, and then I can do
what I like. I have been right, Basil, haven't I, to take my love
out of poetry, and to find my wife in Shakespeare's plays? Lips that
Shakespeare taught to speak have whispered their secret in my ear. I
have had the arms of Rosalind around me, and kissed Juliet on the
mouth."

  "Yes, Dorian, I suppose you were right," said Hallward, slowly.

  "Have you seen her to-day?" asked Lord Henry.

  Dorian Gray shook his head. "I left her in the forest of Arden, I
shall find her in an orchard in Verona."

  Lord Henry sipped his champagne in a meditative manner. "At what
particular point did you mention the word marriage, Dorian? And what
did she say in answer? Perhaps you forgot all about it."

  "My dear Harry, I did not treat it as a business transaction, and
I did not make any formal proposal. I told her that I loved her, and
she said she was not worthy to be my wife. Not worthy! Why, the
whole world is nothing to me compared with her."

  "Women are wonderfully practical," murmured Lord Henry, "much more
practical than we are. In situations of that kind we often forget to
say anything about marriage, and they always remind us."

  Hallward laid his hand upon his arm. "Don't, Harry. You have annoyed
Dorian. He is not like other men. He would never bring misery upon any
one, His nature is too fine for that."

  Lord Henry looked across the table. "Dorian is never annoyed with
me," he answered. "I asked the question for the best reason
possible, for the only reason, indeed, that excuses one for asking any
question- simply curiosity. I have a theory that it is always the
women who propose to us, and not we who propose to the women.
Except, of course, in the middle-class life. But then the middle
classes are not modern."

  Dorian Gray laughed, and tossed his head. "You are quite
incorrigible, Harry; but I don't mind. It is impossible to be angry
with you. When you see Sibyl Vane you will feel that the man who could
wrong her would be a beast, a beast without a heart. I cannot
understand how any one can wish to shame the thing he loves. I love
Sibyl Vane. I want to place her on a pedestal of gold, and to see
the world worship the woman who is mine. What is marriage? An
irrevocable vow. You mock at it for that. Ah! don't mock. It is an
irrevocable vow that I want to take. Her trust makes me faithful,
her belief makes me good. When I am with her, I regret all that you
have taught me. I become different from what you have known me to
be. I am changed, and the mere touch of Sibyl Vane's hand makes me
forget you and all your wrong, fascinating, poisonous, delightful
theories."

  "And those are...?" asked Lord Henry, helping himself to some salad.

  "Oh, your theories about life, your theories about love, your
theories about pleasure. All your theories, in fact, Harry."

  "Pleasure is the only thing worth having a theory about," he
answered, in his slow, melodious voice. "But I am afraid I cannot
claim my theory as my own. It belongs to Nature, not to me. Pleasure
is Nature's test, her sign of approval. When we are happy we are
always good, but when we are good we are not always happy."

  "Ah! but what do you mean by good?" cried Basil Hallward.

  "Yes," echoed Dorian, leaning back in his chair, and looking at Lord
Henry over the heavy clusters of purple-lipped irises that stood in
the centre of the table, "what do you mean by good, Harry?"

  "To be good is to be in harmony with one's self," he replied,
touching the thin stem of his glass with his pale, fine-pointed
fingers. "Discord is to be forced to be in harmony with others.
One's own life- that is the important thing. As for the lives of one's
neighbors, if one wishes to be a prig or a Puritan, one can flaunt
one's moral views about them, but they are not one's concern. Besides,
Individualism has really the higher aim. Modern morality consists in
accepting the standard of one's age. I consider that for any man of
culture to accept the standard of his age is a form of the grossest
immorality."

  "But, surely, if one lives merely for one's self, Harry, one pays
a terrible price for doing so?" suggested the painter.

  "Yes, we are overcharged for everything nowadays. I should fancy
that the real tragedy of the poor is that they can afford nothing
but self-denial. Beautiful sins, like beautiful things, are the
privilege of the rich."

  "One has to pay in other ways but money."

  "What sort of ways, Basil?"

  "Oh! I should fancy in remorse, in suffering, in... well, in the
consciousness of degradation."

  Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "My dear fellow, mediaeval art is
charming, but mediaeval emotions are out of date. One can use them
in fiction, of course. But then the only things that one can use in
fiction are the things that one has ceased to use in fact. Believe me,
no civilized man ever regrets a pleasure, and no uncivilized man
ever knows what a pleasure is."

  "I know what pleasure is," cried Dorian Gray. "It is to adore some
one."

  "That is certainly better than being adored," he answered, toying
with some fruits. "Being adored is a nuisance. Women treat us just
as Humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering
us to do something for them."

  "I should have said that whatever they ask for they had first
given to us," murmured the lad, gravely. "They create Love in our
natures. They have a right to demand it back."

  "That is quite true, Dorian," cried Hallward.

  "Nothing is ever quite true," said Lord Henry.

  "This is," interrupted Dorian. "You must admit, Harry, that women
give to men the very gold of their lives."

  "Possibly," he sighed, "but they invariably want it back in such
very small change. That is the worry. Women, as some witty Frenchman
once put it, inspire us with the desire to do masterpieces, and always
prevent us from carrying them out."

  "Harry, you are dreadful! I don't know why I like you so much."

  "You will always like me, Dorian," he replied. "Will you have some
coffee, you fellows? Waiter, bring coffee, and fine-champagne, and
some cigarettes. No; don't mind the cigarettes; I have some. Basil,
I can't allow you to smoke cigars. You must have a cigarette. A
cigarette is the perfect type of a perfect pleasure. It is
exquisite, and it leaves one unsatisfied. What more can one want? Yes,
Dorian, you will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins
you have never had the courage to commit."

  "What nonsense you talk, Harry!" cried the lad, taking a light
from a fire-breathing silver dragon that the waiter had placed on
the table. "Let us go down to the theatre. When Sibyl comes on the
stage you will have a new ideal of life. She will represent
something to you that you have never known."

  "I have known everything," said Lord Henry, with a tired look in his
eyes, "but I am always ready for a new emotion. I am afraid,
however, that, for me  at any rate, there is no such thing. Still,
your wonderful girl may thrill me. I love acting. It is so much more
real than life. Let us go. Dorian, you will come with me. I am so
sorry, Basil, but there is only room for two in the brougham, You must
follow us in a hansom."

  They got up and put on their coats, sipping their coffee standing.
The painter was silent and preoccupied. There was a gloom over him. He
could not bear this marriage, and yet it seemed to him to be better
than many other things that might have happened. After a few
minutes, they all passed downstairs. He drove off by himself, as had
been arranged, and watched the flashing lights of the little
brougham in front of him. A strange sense of loss came over him. He
felt that Dorian Gray would never again be to him all that he had been
in the past. Life had come between them.... His eyes darkened, and the
crowded, flaring streets became blurred to his eyes. When the cab drew
up at the theatre, it seemed to him that he had grown years older.

                             CHAPTER VII

  For some reason or other, the house was crowded that night, and
the fat Jew manager who met them at the door was beaming from ear to
ear with an oily, tremulous smile. He escorted them to their box
with sort of pompous humility, waving his fat jewelled hands, and
talking at the top of his voice. Dorian Gray loathed him more than
ever. He felt as if he had come to look for Miranda and had been met
by Caliban. Lord Henry, upon the other hand, rather liked him. At
least he declared he did, and insisted on shaking him by the hand, and
assuring him that he was proud to meet a man who had discovered a real
genius and gone bankrupt over a poet. Hallward amused himself with
watching the faces in the pit. The heat was terribly oppressive, and
the huge sunlight flamed like a monstrous dahlia with petals of yellow
fire. The youths in the gallery had taken off their coats and
waistcoats and hung them over the side. They talked to each other
across the theatre, and shared their oranges with the tawdry girls who
sat beside them. Some women were laughing in the pit. Their voices
were horribly shrill and discordant. The sound of the popping of corks
came from the bar.

  "What a place to find one's divinity in!" said Lord Henry.

  "Yes!" answered Dorian Gray. "It was here I found her, and she is
divine beyond all living things. When she acts you will forget
everything. These common, rough people, with their coarse faces and
brutal gestures, become quite different when she is on the stage. They
sit silently and watch her. They weep and laugh as she wills them to
do. She makes them as responsive as a violin. She spiritualizes
them, and one feels that they are of the same flesh and blood as one's
self."

  "The same flesh and blood as one's self! Oh, I hope not!"
exclaimed Lord Henry, who was scanning the occupants of the gallery
through his opera-glass.

  "Don't pay an attention to him, Dorian," said the painter. "I
understand what you mean, and I believe in this girl. Any one you love
must be marvellous, and any girl that has the effect you describe must
be fine and noble. To spiritualize one's age- that is something
worth doing. If this girl can give a soul to those who have lived
without one, if she can create the sense of beauty in people whose
lives have been sordid and ugly, if she can strip them of their
selfishness and lend them tears for sorrows that are not their own,
she is worthy of all your adoration, worthy of the adoration of the
world. This marriage is quite right. I did not think so at first,
but I admit it now. The gods made Sibyl Vane for you. Without her
you would have been incomplete."

  "Thanks, Basil," answered Dorian Gray, pressing his hand. "I knew
that you would understand me. Harry is so cynical, he terrifies me.
But here is the orchestra. It is quite dreadful, but it only lasts for
about five minutes. Then the curtain rises, and you will see the
girl to whom I am going to give all my life, to whom I have given
everything that is good in me."

  A quarter of an hour afterwards, amidst an extraordinary turmoil
of applause, Sibyl Vane stepped on the stage. Yes, she was
certainly, lovely to look at- one of the loveliest creatures, Lord
Henry thought, that he had ever seen. There was something of the
fawn in her shy grace and startled eyes. A faint blush, like the
shadow of a rose in a mirror of silver, came to her cheeks as she
glanced at the crowded, enthusiastic house. She stepped back a few
paces, and her lips seemed to tremble. Basil Hallward leaped to his
feet and began to applaud. Motionless, and as one in a dream, sat
Dorian Gray, gazing at her. Lord Henry peered through his glasses,
murmuring, "Charming! charming!"

  The scene was the hall of Capulet's house, and Romeo in his
pilgrim's dress had entered with Mercutio and his other friends. The
band, such as it was, struck up a few bars of music, and the dance
began. Through the crowd of ungainly, shabbily-dressed actors, Sibyl
Vane moved like a creature from a finer world. Her body swayed,
while she danced, as a plant sways in the water. The curves of her
throat were the curves of the white lily. Her hands seemed to be
made of cool ivory.

  Yet she was curiously listless. She showed no sign of love when
her eyes rested on Romeo. The few words she had to speak-

          Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much,

            Which mannerly devotion shows in this'

          For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch,

            And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss-

with the brief dialogue that follows, were spoken in a thoroughly
artificial manner. The voice was exquisite, but from the point of view
of tone it was absolutely false. It was wrong in colour. It took
away all life from the verse. It made the passion unreal.

  Dorian Gray grew pale as he watched her. He was puzzled and anxious.
Neither of his friends dared to say anything to him. She seemed to
them to be absolutely incompetent. They were horribly disappointed.

  Yet they felt that the true test of any Juliet is the balcony
scene of the second act. They waited for that. If she failed there,
there was nothing in her.

  She looked charming as she came out in the moonlight. That could not
be denied. But the staginess of her acting was unbearable, and grew
worse as she went on. Her gestures became absurdly artificial. She
overemphasized everything that she had to say. The beautiful passage-

         Thou knowest the mask of night is on my face,

         Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek

         For that which thou hast heard me speak to-night-

was declaimed with the painful precision of a school-girl who has been
taught to recite by some second-rate professor of elocution. When
she leaned over the balcony and came to those wonderful lines-

                      Although I joy in thee,

         I have no joy of this contract to-night;

         It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden;

         Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be

         Ere one can say, "It lightens." Sweet, good-night!

         This bud of love by summer's ripening breath

         May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet-

she spoke the words as though they conveyed no meaning to her. It
was not nervousness. Indeed, so far from being nervous, she was
absolutely self-contained. It was simply bad art. She was a complete
failure.

  Even the common, uneducated audience of the pit and gallery lost
their interest in the play. They got restless, and began to talk
loudly and to whistle. The Jew manager, who was standing, at the
back of the dress-circle, stamped and swore with rage. The only person
unmoved was the girl herself.

  When the second act was over there came a storm of hisses, and
Lord Henry got up from his chair and put on His coat. "She is quite
beautiful, Dorian," he said, "but she can't act. Let us go."

  "I am going to see the play through," answered the lad, in a hard,
bitter voice. "I am awfully sorry that I have made you waste an
evening, Harry. I apologize to you both."

  "My dear Dorian, I should think Miss Vane was ill," interrupted
Hallward. "We will come some other night."

  "I wish she were ill," he rejoined. "But she seems to me to be
simply callous and cold. She has entirely altered. Last night she
was a great artist. This evening she is merely a conmmon-place,
mediocre actress."

  "Don't talk like that about any one you love, Dorian. Love is a more
wonderful thing than Art."

  "They are both simply forms of imitation," remarked Lord Henry. "But
do let us go. Dorian, you must not stay here any longer. It is not
good for one's morals to see bad acting. Besides, I don't suppose
you will want your wife to act. So what does it matter if she plays
Juliet like a wooden doll? She is very lovely, and if she knows as
little about life as she does about acting, she will be a delightful
experience. There are only two kinds of people who are really
fascinating- people who know absolutely everything, and people who
know absolutely nothing. Good heavens, my dear boy, don't look so
tragic! The secret of remaining young is never to have an emotion that
is unbecoming. Come to the club with Basil and myself. We will smoke
cigarettes and drink to the beauty of Sibyl Vane. She is beautiful.
What more can you want?"

  "Go away, Harry," cried the lad. "I want to be alone. Basil, you
must go. Ah! can't you see that my heart is breaking?" The hot tears
came to his eyes. His lips trembled, and rushing to the back of the
box, he leaned up against the wall, hiding his face in his hands.

  "Let us go, Basil," said Lord Henry, with a strange tenderness in
his voice; and the two young men passed out together.

  A few moments afterwards the footlights flared up, and the curtain
rose on the third act. Dorian Gray went back to his seat. He looked
pale, and proud, and indifferent. The play ragged on, and seemed
interminable. Half of the audience went out, tramping in heavy
boots, and laughing. The whole thing was a fiasco. The last act was
played to almost empty benches. The curtain went down on a titter, and
some groans.

  As soon as it was over, Dorian Gray rushed behind the scenes into
the greenroom. The girl was standing there alone, with a look of
triumph on her face. Her eyes lit with an exquisite fire. There was
a radiance about her. Her parted lips were smiling over some secret of
their own.

  When he entered, she looked at him and an expression of infinite joy
came over her. "How badly I acted to-night, Dorian!" she cried.

  "Horribly!" he answered, gazing at her in amazement, "horribly! It
was dreadful. Are you ill? You have no idea what it was. You have no
idea what I suffered."

  The girl smiled. "Dorian," she answered, lingering over his name
with long-drawn music in her voice, as though it were sweeter than
honey to the red petals of her mouth- "Dorian, you should have
understood. But you understand now, don't you?"

  "Understand what?" he asked angrily.

  "Why I was so bad to-night. Why I shall always be bad. Why I shall
never act well again."

  He shrugged his shoulders. "You are ill, I suppose. When you are ill
you shouldn't act. You make yourself ridiculous. My friends were
bored. I was bored."

  She seemed not to listen to him. She was transfigured with joy. An
ecstasy of happiness dominated her.

  "Dorian, Dorian," she cried, "before I knew you, acting was the
one reality of my life. It was only in the theatre that I lived. I
thought that it was all true. I was Rosalind one night, and Portia the
other. The joy of Beatrice was my joy, and the sorrows of Cordelia
were mine also. I believed in everything. The common people who
acted with me seemed to me to be godlike. The painted scenes were my
world. I knew nothing but shadows, and I thought them real. You
came- oh, my beautiful love!- and you freed my soul from prison. You
taught me what reality really is. To-night, for the first time in my
life, I saw through the hollowness, the sham, the silliness of the
empty pageant in which I had always played. To-night, for the first
time, I became conscious that the Romeo was hideous, and old, and
painted, and that the moonlight in the orchard was false, that the
scenery was vulgar, and that the words I had to speak were unreal,
were not my words, were not what I wanted to say. You had brought me
something higher, something of which all art is but a reflection.
You had made me understand what love really is. My love! my love!
Prince Charming! Prince of life! I have grown sick of shadows. You are
more to me than all art can ever be. What have I to do with the
puppets of a play? When I came on to-night, I could not understand how
it was that everything had gone from me. I thought that I was going to
be wonderful. I found that I could do nothing. Suddenly it dawned on
my soul what it all meant. The knowledge was exquisite to me. I
heard them hissing, and I smiled. What could they know of love such as
ours? Take me away, Dorian- take me away with you, where we can be
quite alone. I hate the stage. I might mimic a passion that I do not
feel, but I cannot mimic one that burns me like fire. Oh, Dorian,
Dorian, you understand now what it signifies? Even if I could do it,
it would be profanation for me to play at being in love. You have made
me see that."

  He flung himself down on the sofa, and turned away his face. "You
have killed my love," he muttered.

  She looked at him in wonder, and laughed. He made no answer. She
came across to him, and with her little fingers stroked his hair.
She knelt down and pressed his hands to her lips. He drew them away,
and a shudder ran through him.

  Then he leaped up, and went to the door. "Yes," he cried, "you
have killed my love. You used to stir my imagination. Now you don't
even stir my curiosity. You simply produce no effect. I loved you
because you were marvellous, because you had genius and intellect,
because you realized the dreams of great poets and gave shape and
substance to the shadows of art. You have thrown it all away. You
are shallow and stupid. My God! how mad I was to love you! What a fool
I have been! You are nothing to me now. I will never see you again.
I will never think of you. I will never mention your name. You don't
know what you were to me, once. Why, once... Oh, I can't bear to think
of it! I wish I had never laid eyes upon you! You have spoiled the
romance of my life. How little you can know of love, if you say it
mars your art! Without your art you are nothing. I would have made you
famous, splendid, magnificent. The world would have worshipped you,
and you would have borne my name. What are you now? A third-rate
actress with a pretty face."

  The girl grew white, and trembled. She clenched her hands
together, and her voice seemed to catch in her throat. "You are not
serious, Dorian?" she murmured. "You are acting."

  "Acting! I leave that to you. You do it so well," he answered,
bitterly.

  She rose from her knees, and, with a piteous expression of pain in
her face, came across the room to him. She put her hand upon his
arm, and looked into his eyes. He thrust her back. "Don't touch me!"
he cried.

  A low moan broke from her, and she flung herself at his feet, and
lay there like a trampled flower. "Dorian, Dorian, don't leave me!"
she whispered. "I am so sorry I didn't act well. I was thinking of you
all the time. But I will try- indeed, I will try. It came so
suddenly across me, my love for you. I think I should never have known
it if you had not kissed me- if we had not kissed each other. Kiss
me again, my love. Don't go away from me. I couldn't bear it. Oh!
don't go away from me. My brother... No; never mind. He didn't mean
it. He was in jest... But you, oh! can't you forgive me for
to-night? I will work so hard, and try to improve. Don't be cruel to
me because I love you better than anything in the world. After all, it
is only once that I have not pleased you. But you are quite right,
Dorian. I should have shown myself more of an artist. It was foolish
of me; and yet I couldn't help it. Oh, don't leave me, don't leave
me." A fit of passionate sobbing choked her. She crouched on the floor
like a wounded thing, and Dorian Gray, with his beautiful eyes, looked
down at her, and his chiselled lips curled in exquisite disdain. There
is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one
has ceased to love. Sibyl Vane seemed to him to be absurdly
melodromatic. Her tears and sobs annoyed him.

  "I am going," he said at last, in his calm, clear voice. "I don't
wish to be unkind, but I can't see you again. You have disappointed
me."

  She wept silently, and made no answer, but crept nearer. Her
little hands stretched blindly out, and appeared to be seeking for
him. He turned on his heel, and left the room. In a few moments he was
out of the theatre.

  Where he went to he hardly knew. He remembered wandering through
dimly-lit streets, past gaunt black-shadowed archways and evil-looking
houses. Women with hoarse voices and harsh laughter had called after
him. Drunkards had reeled by cursing, and chattering to themselves
like monstrous apes. He had seen grotesque children huddled upon
doorsteps, and heard shrieks and oaths from gloomy courts.

  As the dawn was just breaking he found himself close to Covent
Garden. The darkness lifted, and, flushed with faint fires, the sky
hollowed itself into a perfect pearl. Huge carts filled with nodding
lilies rumbled slowly down the polished empty street. The air was
heavy with the perfume of the flowers, and their beauty seemed to
bring him an anodyne for His pain. He followed into the market, and
watched the men unloading their waggons. A white-smocked carter
offered him some cherries. He thanked him, wondered why he refused
to accept any money for them, and began to eat them listlessly. They
had been plucked at midnight, and the coldness of the moon had entered
into them. A long line of boys carrying crates of striped tulips,
and of yellow and red roses, defiled in front of him, threading
their way through the huge jade-green piles of vegetables. Under the
portico, with its grey sun-bleached pillars, loitered a troop of
draggled bareheaded girls, waiting for the auction to be over.
Others crowded round the swinging doors of the coffee-house in the
piazza. The heavy cart-horses slipped and stamped upon the rough
stones, shaking their bells and trappings. Some of the drivers were
lying asleep on a pile of sacks. Iris-necked, and pink-footed, the
pigeons ran about picking up seeds.

  After a little while, he hailed a hansom, and drove home. For a
few moments he loitered upon the doorstep, looking round at the silent
Square with its blank close-shuttered windows, and its staring blinds.
The sky was pure opal now, and the roofs of the houses glistened
like silver against it. From some chimney opposite a thin wreath of
smoke was rising. It curled, a violet riband, through the
nacre-coloured air.

  In the huge gilt Venetian lantern, spoil of some Doge's barge,
that hung from the ceiling of the great oak-panelled hall of entrance,
lights were still burning from three flickering jets: thin blue petals
of flame they seemed, trimmed with white fire. He turned them out,
and, having thrown his hat and cape on the table, passed through the
library towards the door of his bedroom, a large octagonal chamber
on the ground floor that, in his new-born feeling for luxury, he had
just had decorated for himself, and hung with some curious Renaissance
tapestries that had been discovered stored in a disused attic at Selby
Royal. As he was turning the handle of the door, his eye fell upon the
portrait Basil Hallward had painted of him. He started back as if in
surprise. Then he went on into his own room, looking somewhat puzzled.
After he had taken the buttonhole out of his coat, he seemed to
hesitate. Finally he came back, went over to the picture, and examined
it. In the dim arrested light that struggled through the
cream-coloured silk blinds, the face appeared to him to be a little
changed. The expression looked different. One would have said that
there was a touch of cruelty in the mouth. It was certainly strange.

  He turned round, and, walking to the window, drew up the blind.
The bright dawn flooded the room, and swept the fantastic shadows into
dusky corners, where they lay shuddering. But the strange expression
that he had noticed in the face of the portrait seemed to linger
there, to be more intensified even. The quivering, ardent sunlight
showed him the lines of cruelty round the mouth as clearly as if he
been looking into a mirror after he had done some dreadful thing.

  He winced, and taking up from the table an oval glass framed in
ivory Cupids, one of Lord Henry's many presents to him, glanced
hurriedly into its polished depths. No line like that warped his red
lips. What did it mean?

  He rubbed his eyes, and came close to the picture, and examined it
again. There were no signs of any change when he looked into the
actual painting, and yet there was no doubt that the whole
expression had altered. It was not a mere fancy of his own. The
thing was horribly apparent.

  He threw himself into a chair, and began to think. Suddenly there
flashed across his mind what he had said in Basil Hallward's studio
the day the picture had been finished. Yes, he remembered it
perfectly. He had uttered a mad wish that he himself might remain
young, and the portrait grow old; that his own beauty might be
untarnished, and the face on the canvas bear the burden of his
passions and his sins; that the painted image might be seared with the
lines of suffering and thought, and that he might keep all the
delicate bloom and loveliness of his then just conscious boyhood.
Surely his wish had not been fulfilled? Such things were impossible.
It seemed monstrous even to think of them. And, yet, there was the
picture before him, with the touch of cruelty in the mouth.

  Cruelty! Had he been cruel? It was the girl's fault, not his. He had
dreamed of her as a great artist, had given his love to her because he
had thought her great. Then she had disappointed him. She had been
shallow and unworthy. And, yet, a feeling of infinite regret came over
him, as he thought of her lying at his feet sobbing like a little
child. He remembered with what callousness he had watched her. Why had
he been made like that? Why had such a soul been given to him? But
he had suffered also. During the three terrible hours that the play
had lasted, he had lived centuries of pain, aeon upon aeon of torture.
His life was well worth hers. She had marred him for a moment, if he
had wounded her for an age. Besides, women were better suited to
bear sorrow than men. They lived on their emotions. They only
thought of their emotions. When they took lovers, it was merely to
have some one with whom they could have scenes. Lord Henry had told
him that, and Lord Henry knew what women were. Why should he trouble
about Sibyl Vane? She was nothing to him now.

  But the picture? What was he to say of that? It held the secret of
his life, and told his story. It had taught him to love his own
beauty. Would it teach him to loathe his own soul? Would he ever
look at it again?

  No; it was merely an illusion wrought on the troubled senses. The
horrible night that he had passed had left phantoms behind it.
Suddenly there had fallen upon his brain that tiny scarlet speck
that makes men mad. The picture had not changed. It was folly to think
so.

  Yet it was watching him, with its beautiful marred face and its
cruel smile. Its bright hair gleamed in the early sunlight. Its blue
eyes met his own. A sense of infinite pity, not for himself, but for
the painted image of himself, came over him. It had altered already,
and would alter more. Its gold would wither into grey. Its red and
white roses would die. For every sin that he committed, a stain
would fleck and wreck its fairness. But he would not sin. The picture,
changed or unchanged, would be to him the visible emblem of
conscience. He would resist temptation. He would not see Lord Henry
any more- would not, at any rate, listen to those subtle poisonous
theories that in Basil Hallward's garden had first stirred within
him the passion for impossible things. He would go back to Sibyl Vane,
make her amends, marry her, try to love her again. Yes, it was his
duty to do so. She must have suffered more than he had. Poor child! He
had been selfish and cruel to her. The fascination that she had
exercised over him would return. They would be happy together. His
life with her would be beautiful and pure.

  He got up from his chair, and drew a large screen right in front
of the portrait, shuddering as he glanced at it. "How horrible!" he
murmured to himself, and he walked across to the window and opened it.
When he stepped out on to the grass, he drew a deep breath. The
fresh morning air seemed to drive away all his sombre passions. He
thought only of Sibyl. A faint echo of his love came back to him. He
repeated her name over and over again. The birds that were singing
in the dew-drenched garden seemed to be telling the flowers about her.

                             CHAPTER VIII

  It was long past noon when he awoke. His valet had crept several
times on tiptoe into the room to see if he was stirring, and had
wondered what made his young master sleep so late. Finally his bell
sounded, and Victor came in softly with a cup of tea, and a pile of
letters, on a small tray of old Sevres china, and drew back the
olive-satin curtains, with, their shimmering blue lining, that hung in
front of the three tall windows.

  "Monsieur has slept well this morning," he said, smiling.

  "What o'clock is it, Victor?" asked Dorian Gray, drowsily.

  "One hour and a quarter, Monsieur."

  How late it was! He sat up, and, having sipped some tea, turned over
his letters. One of them was from Lord Henry, and had been brought
by hand this morning. He hesitated for a moment, and then put it
aside. The others he opened listlessly. They contained the usual
collection of cards, invitations to dinner, tickets for private views,
programmes of charity concerts, and the like, that are showered on
fashionable young men every morning during the season. There was a
rather heavy bill, for a chased silver Louis-Quinze toilet-set, that
he had not yet had the courage to send on to his guardians, who were
extremely old-fashioned people and did not realize that we live in
an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities; and there
were several very courteously worded communications from Jermyn Street
money-lenders offering to advance any sum of money at a moment's
notice and at the most reasonable rates of interest.

  After about ten minutes he got up, and, throwing on an elaborate
dressing-gown of silk-embroidered cashmere wool, passed into the
onyx-paved bathroom. The cool water refreshed him after his long
sleep. He seemed to have forgotten all that he had gone through. A dim
sense of having taken part in some strange tragedy came to him once or
twice, but there was the unreality of a dream about it.

  As soon as he was dressed, he went into the library and sat down
to a light French breakfast, that had been laid out for him on a small
round table close to the open window. It was an exquisite day. The
warm air seemed laden with spices. A bee flew in, and buzzed round the
blue-dragon bowl that, filled with sulphur-yellow roses, stood
before him. He felt perfectly happy.

  Suddenly his eye fell on the screen that he had placed in front of
the portrait, and he started.

  "Too cold for Monsieur?" asked his valet, putting an omelette on the
table. "I shut the window?"

  Dorian shook his head. "I am not cold," he murmured.

  Was it all true? Had the portrait really changed? Or had it been
simply his own imagination that had made him see a look of evil
where there had been a look of joy? Surely a painted canvas could
not alter? The thing was absurd. It would serve as a tale to tell
Basil some day. It would make him smile.

  And, yet, how vivid was his recollection of the whole thing! First
in the dim twilight, and then in the bright dawn, he had seen the
touch of cruelty round the warped lips. He almost dreaded his valet
leaving the room. He knew that when he was alone he would have to
examine the portrait. He was afraid of certainty. When the coffee
and cigarettes had been brought and the man turned to go, he felt a
wild desire to tell him to remain. As the door was closing behind
him he called him back. The man stood waiting for his orders. Dorian
looked at him for a moment. "I am not at home to any one, Victor,"
he said, with a sigh. The man bowed and retired.

  Then he rose from the table, lit a cigarette and flung himself
down on a luxuriously-cushioned couch that stood facing the screen.
The screen was an old one, of gilt Spanish leather, stamped and
wrought with a rather florid Louis-Quatorze pattern. He scanned it
curiously, wondering if ever before it had concealed the secret of a
man's life.

  Should he move it aside, after all? Why not let it stay there?
What was the use of knowing? If the thing was true, it was terrible.
If it was not true, why trouble about it? But what if, by some fate or
deadlier chance, eyes other than his spied behind, and saw the
horrible change? What should he do if Basil Hallward came and asked to
look at his own picture? Basil would be sure to do that. No; the thing
had to be examined, and at once. Anything would be better than this
dreadful state of doubt.

  He got up, and locked both doors. At least he would be alone when he
looked upon the mask of his shame. Then he drew the screen aside,
and saw himself face to face. It was perfectly true. The portrait
had altered.

  As he often remembered afterwards, and always with no small
wonder, he found himself at first gazing at the portrait with a
feeling of almost scientific interest. That such a change should
have taken place was incredible to him. And yet it was a fact. Was
there some subtle affinity between the chemical atoms, that shaped
themselves into form and colour on the canvas, and the soul that was
within him? Could it be that what that soul thought, they realized?-
that what it dreamed, they made true? Or was there some other, more
terrible reason? He shuddered, and felt afraid, and, going back to the
couch, lay there, gazing at the picture in sickened horror.

  One thing, however, he felt that it had done for him. It had made
him conscious how unjust, how cruel, he had been to Sibyl Vane. It was
not too late to make reparation for that. She could still be his wife.
His unreal and selfish love would yield to some higher influence,
would be transformed into some nobler passion, and the portrait that
Basil Hallward had painted of him would be a guide to him through
life, would be to him what holiness is to some, and conscience to
others, and the fear of God to us all. There were opiates for remorse,
drugs that could lull the moral sense to sleep. But here was a visible
symbol of the degradation of sin. Here was an ever-present sign of the
ruin men brought upon their souls.

  Three o'clock struck, and four, and the half-hour rang its double
chime, but Dorian Gray did not stir. He was trying to gather up the
scarlet threads of life, and to weave them into a pattern; to find his
way through the sanguine labyrinth of passion through which he was
wandering. He did not know what to do, or what to think. Finally, he
went over to the table and wrote a passionate letter to the girl he
had loved, imploring her forgiveness, and accusing himself of madness.
He covered page after page with wild words of sorrow, and wilder words
of pain. There is a luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves
we feel that no one else has a right to blame us. It is the
confession, not the priest, that gives us absolution. When Dorian
had finished the letter, he felt that he had been forgiven.

  Suddenly there came a knock to the door, and he heard Lord Henry's
voice outside. "My dear boy, I must see you. Let me in at once. I
can't bear your shutting yourself up like this."

  He made no answer at first, but remained quite still. The knocking
still continued, and grew louder. Yes, it was better to let Lord Henry
in, and to explain to him the new life he was going to lead, to
quarrel with him if it became necessary to quarrel, to part if parting
was inevitable. He jumped up, drew the screen hastily across the
picture, and unlocked the door.

  "I am so sorry for it all, Dorian," said Lord Henry, as he
entered. "But you must not think too much about it."

  "Do you mean about Sibyl Vane?" asked the lad.

  "Yes, of course," answered Lord Henry, sinking into a chair, and
slowly pulling off his yellow gloves. "It is dreadful, from one
point of view, but it was not your fault. Tell me, did you go behind
and see her, after the play was over?"

 "Yes."

  "I felt sure you had. Did you make a scene with her?"

  "I was brutal, Harry, perfectly brutal. But it is all right now. I
am not sorry for anything that has happened. It has taught me to
know myself better."

  "Ah, Dorian, I am so glad you take it in that way! I was afraid I
would find you plunged in remorse, and tearing that nice curly hair of
yours."

  "I have got through all that," said Dorian, shaking his head, and
smiling. "I am perfectly happy now. I know what conscience is, to
begin with. It is not what you told me it was. It is the divinest
thing in us. Don't sneer at it, Harry, any more- at least not before
me. I want to be good. I can't bear the idea of my soul being
hideous."

  "A very charming artistic basis for ethics, Dorian! I congratulate
you on it. But how are you going to begin?"

  "By marrying Sibyl Vane."

  "Marrying Sibyl Vane! " cried Lord Henry, standing up, and looking
at him in perplexed amazement. "But, my dear Dorian--"

  "Yes, Harry, I know what you are going to say. Something dreadful
about marriage. Don't say it. Don't ever say things of that kind to me
again. Two days ago I asked Sibyl to marry me. I am not going to break
my word to her. She is to be my wife."

  "Your wife! Dorian!... Didn't you get my letter? I wrote to you this
morning, and sent the note down, by my own man."

  "Your letter? Oh, yes, I remember. I have not read it yet, Harry.
I was afraid there might be something in it that I wouldn't like.
You cut life to pieces with your epigrams."

  "You know nothing, then?"

  "What do you mean?"

  Lord Henry walked across the room, and, sitting down by Dorian Gray,
took both his hands in his own, and held them tightly. "Dorian," he
said, "my letter- don't be frightened- was to tell you that Sibyl Vane
is dead."

  A cry of pain broke from the lad's lips, and he leaped to his
feet, tearing his hands away from Lord Henry's grasp. "Dead! Sibyl
dead! It is not true! It is a horrible lie! How dare you say it?"

  "It is quite true, Dorian," said Lord Henry, gravely. "It is in
all the morning papers. I wrote down to you to ask you not to see
any one till I came. There will have to be an inquest, of course,
and you must not be mixed up in it. Things like that make a man
fashionable in Paris. But in London people are so prejudiced. Here,
one should never make one's debut with a scandal. One should reserve
that to give an interest to one's old age. I suppose they don't know
your name at the theatre? If they don't, it is all right. Did any
one see you going round to her room? That is an important point."

  Dorian did not answer for a few moments. He was dazed with horror.
Finally he stammered, in a stifled voice, "Harry, did you say an
inquest? What did you mean by that? Did Sibyl--? Oh, Harry, I can't
bear it! But be quick. Tell me everything at once."

  "I have no doubt it was not an accident, Dorian, though it must be
put in that way to the public. It seems that as she was leaving the
theatre with her mother, about half-past twelve or so, she said she
had forgotten something upstairs. They waited some time for her, but
she did not come down again. They ultimately found her lying dead on
the floor of her dressing room. She had swallowed something by
mistake, some dreadful thing they use at theatres. I don't know what
it was, but it had either prussic acid or white lead in it. I should
fancy it was prussic acid, as she seems to have died instantaneously."

  "Harry, Harry, it is terrible!" cried the lad.

  "Yes; it is very tragic, of course, but you must not get yourself
mixed up in it. I see by The Standard that she was seventeen. I should
have thought she was almost younger than that. She looked such a
child, and seemed to know so little about acting. Dorian, you
mustn't let this thing get on your nerves. You must come and dine with
me, and afterwards we will look in at the Opera. It is a Patti
night, and everybody will be there. You can come to my sister's box.
She has got some smart women with her."

  "So I have murdered Sibyl Vane," said Dorian Gray, half to
himself, "murdered her as surely as if I had cut her little throat
with a knife. Yet the roses are not less lovely for all that. The
birds sing just as happily in my garden. And to-night I am to dine
with you, and then go on to the Opera, and sup somewhere, I suppose,
afterwards. How extraordinarily dramatic life is! If I had read all
this in a book, Harry, I think I would have wept over it. Somehow, now
that it has happened actually, and to me, it seems far too wonderful
for tears. Here is the first passionate love-letter I have ever
written in my life. Strange, that my first passionate love-letter
should have been addressed to a dead girl. Can they feel, I wonder,
those white silent people we call the dead? Sibyl! Can she feel, or
know, or listen? Oh, Harry, how I loved her once! It seems years ago
to me now. She was everything to me. Then came that dreadful night-
was it really only last night?- when she played so badly, and my heart
almost broke. She explained it all to me. It was terribly pathetic.
But I was not moved a bit. I thought her shallow. Suddenly something
happened that made me afraid. I can't tell you what it was, but it was
terrible. I said I would go back to her. I felt I had done wrong.
And now she is dead. My God! my God! Harry, what shall I do? You don't
know the danger I am in, and there is nothing to keep me straight. She
would have done that for me. She had no right to kill herself. It
was selfish of her."

  "My dear Dorian," answered Lord Henry, taking a cigarette from his
case, and producing a gold-latten matchbox, "the only way a woman
can ever reform a man is by boring him so completely that he loses all
possible interest in life. If you had married this girl you would have
been wretched. Of course you would have treated her kindly. One can
always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing. But she would
have soon found out that you were absolutely indifferent to her. And
when a woman finds that out about her husband, she either becomes
dreadfully dowdy, or wears very smart bonnets that some other
woman's husband has to pay for. I say nothing about the social
mistake, which would have been abject, which, of course, I would not
have allowed, but I assure you that in any case the whole thing
would have been an absolute failure."

  "I suppose it would," muttered the lad, walking up and down the
room, and looking horribly pale. "But I thought it was my duty. It
is not my fault that this terrible tragedy has prevented my doing what
was right. I remember your saying once that there is a fatality
about good resolutions- that they are always made too late. Mine
certainly were."

  "Good resolutions are useless attempts to interfere with
scientific laws. Their origin is pure vanity. Their result is
absolutely nil. They give us, now and then, some of those luxurious
sterile emotions that have a certain charm for the weak. That is all
that can be said for them. They are simply cheques that men draw on
a bank where they have no account."

  "Harry," cried Dorian Gray, coming over and sitting down beside him,
"why is it that I cannot feel this tragedy as much as I want to? I
don't think I am heartless. Do you?"

  "You have done too many foolish things during the last fortnight
to be entitled to give yourself that name, Dorian," answered Lord
Henry, with his sweet, melancholy smile.

  The lad frowned. "I don't like that explanation, Harry," he
rejoined, "but I am glad you don't think I'm heartless. I am nothing
of the kind. I know I am not. And yet I must admit that this thing
that has happened does not affect me as it should. It seems to me to
be simply like a wonderful ending to a wonderful play. It has all
the terrible beauty of a Greek tragedy, a tragedy in which I took a
great part, but by which I have not been wounded."

  "It is an interesting question," said Lord Henry, who found an
exquisite pleasure in playing on the lad's unconscious egotism- "an
extremely interesting question. I fancy that the true explanation is
this. It often happens that the real tragedies of life occur in such
an inartistic manner that they hurt us by their crude violence,
their absolute incoherence, their absurd want of meaning, their entire
lack of style. They affect us just as vulgarity affects us. They
give us an impression of sheer brute force, and we revolt against
that. Sometimes, however, a tragedy that possesses artistic elements
of beauty crosses our lives. If these elements of beauty are real, the
whole thing simply appeals to our sense of dramatic effect. Suddenly
we find that we are no longer the actors, but the spectators of the
play. Or rather we are both. We watch ourselves, and the mere wonder
of the spectacle enthralls us. In the present case, what is it that
has really happened? Some one has killed herself for love of you. I
wish that I had ever had such an experience. It would have made me
in love with love for the rest of my life. The people who have
adored me- there have not been very many, but there have been some-
have always insisted on living on, long after I had ceased to care for
them, or they to care for me. They have become stout and tedious,
and when I meet them they go in at once for reminiscences. That
awful memory of woman! What a fearful thing it is! And what an utter
intellectual stagnation it reveals! One should absorb the colour of
life, but one should never remember its details. Details are always
vulgar."

  "I must sow poppies in my garden," sighed Dorian.

  "There is no necessity," rejoined his companion. "Life has always
poppies in her hands. Of course, now and then things linger. I once
wore nothing but violets all through one season, as a form of artistic
mourning for a romance that would not die. Ultimately, however, it did
die. I forget what killed it. I think it was her proposing to
sacrifice the whole world for me. That is always a dreadful moment. It
fills one with the terror of eternity. Well- would you believe it?-
a week ago, at Lady Hampshire's, I found myself seated at dinner
next the lady in question, and she insisted on going over the whole
thing again, and digging up the past, and raking up the future. I
had buried my romance in a bed of asphodel. She dragged it out
again, and assured me that I had spoiled her life, I am bound to state
that she ate an enormous dinner, so I did not feel any anxiety. But
what a lack of taste she showed! The one charm of the past is that
it is the past. But women never know when the curtain has fallen. They
always want a sixth act, and as soon the interest of the play is
entirely over they propose to continue it. If they were allowed
their own way, every comedy would have a tragic ending, and every
tragedy would culminate in a farce. They are charmingly artificial,
but they have no sense of art. You are more fortunate than I am. I
assure you, Dorian, that not one of the women I have known would
have done for me what Sibyl Vane did for you. Ordinary women always
console themselves. Some of them do it by going in for sentimental
colours. Never trust a woman who wears mauve, whatever her age may be,
or a woman over thirty-five who is fond of pink ribbons. It always
means that they have a history. Others find a great consolation in
suddenly discovering the good qualities of their husbands. They flaunt
their conjugal felicity in one's face, as if it were the most
fascinating of sins. Religion consoles some. Its mysteries have all
the charm of a flirtation, a woman once told me, and I can quite
understand it. Besides, nothing makes one so vain as being told that
one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all. Yes; there is
really no end to the consolations that women find in modern life.
Indeed, I have not mentioned the most important one."

  "What is that, Harry?" said the lad, listlessly.

  "Oh, the obvious consolation. Taking some one else's admirer when
one loses one's own. In good society that always whitewashes a
woman. But really, Dorian, how different Sibyl Vane must have been
from all the women one meets! There is something to me quite beautiful
about her death. I am glad I am living in a century when such
wonders happen. They make one believe in the reality of the things
we all play with, such as romance, passion, and love."

  "I was terribly cruel to her. You forget that."

  "I am afraid that women appreciate cruelty, downright cruelty,
more than anything else. They have wonderfully primitive instincts. We
have emancipated them, but they remain slaves looking for their
masters, all the same. They love being dominated. I am sure you were
splendid. I have never seen you really and absolutely angry, but I can
fancy how delightful you looked. And, after all, you said something to
the me the day before yesterday that seemed to me at the time to be
merely fanciful, but that I see now was absolutely true, and it
holds the key to everything."

  "What was that, Harry?"

  "You said to me that Sibyl Vane represented to you all the
heroines of romance- that she was Desdemona one night, and Ophelia the
other; that if she died as Juliet, she came to life as Imogen."

  "She will never come to life again now," muttered the lad, burying
his face in his hands.

  "No, she will never come to life. She has played her last part.
But you must think of that lonely death in the tawdry dressing-room
simply as a strange lurid fragment from some Jacobean tragedy, as a
wonderful scene from Webster, or Ford, or Cyril Tourneur. The girl
never really lived, and so she has never really died. To you at
least she was always a dream, a phantom that flitted through
Shakespeare's plays and left them lovelier for its presence, a reed
through which Shakespeare's music sounded richer and more full of joy.
The moment she touched actual life, she marred it, and it marred
her, and so she passed away. Mourn for Ophelia, if you like. Put ashes
on your head because Cordelia was strangled. Cry out against Heaven
because the daughter of Brabantio died. But don't waste your tears
over Sibyl Vane. She was less real than they are."

  There was silence. The evening darkened in the room. Noiselessly,
and with silver feet, the shadows crept in from the garden. The
colours faded wearily out of things.

  After some time Dorian Gray looked up. "You have explained me to
myself, Harry," he murmured, with something of a sigh of relief. "I
felt all that you have said, but somehow I was afraid of it, and I
could not express it to myself. How well you know me! But we will
not talk again of what has happened. It has been a marvellous
experience. That is all. I wonder if life has still in store for me
anything as marvellous."

  "Life has everything in store for you, Dorian. There is nothing that
you, with your extraordinary good looks, will not be able to do."

  "But suppose, Harry, I became haggard, and old, and wrinkled? What
then?"

  "Ah, then," said Lord Henry, rising to go, "then, my dear Dorian,
you would have to fight for your victories. As it is, they are brought
to you. No, you must keep your good looks. We live in an age that
reads too much to be wise, and that thinks too much to be beautiful.
We cannot spare you. And now you had better dress, and drive down to
the club. We are rather late, as it is."

  "I think I shall join you at the Opera, Harry. I feel too tired to
eat anything. What is the number of your sister's box?"

  "Twenty-seven, I believe. It is on the grand tier. You will see
her name on the door. But I am sorry you won't come and dine."

  "I don't feel up to it," said Dorian, listlessly. "But I am
awfully obliged to you for all that you have said to me. You are
certainly my best friend. No one has ever understood me as you have."

  "We are only at the beginning of our friendship, Dorian," answered
Lord Henry, shaking him by the hand. "Good-bye. I shall see you before
nine-thirty, I hope. Remember, Patti is singing."

  As he closed the door behind him, Dorian Gray touched the bell,
and in a few minutes Victor appeared with the lamps and drew the
blinds down. He waited impatiently for him to go. The man seemed to
take an interminable time over everything.

  As soon as he had left, he rushed to the screen, and drew it back.
No; there was no further change in the picture. It had received the
news of Sibyl Vane's death before he had known of it himself. It was
conscious of the events of life as they occurred. The vicious
cruelty that marred the fine lines of the mouth had, no doubt,
appeared at the very moment that the girl had drunk the poison,
whatever it was. Or was it indifferent to results? Did it merely
take cognizance of what passed within the soul? He wondered, and hoped
that some day he would see the change taking place before his very
eyes, shuddering as he hoped it.

  Poor Sibyl! what a romance it had all been! She had often mimicked
death on the stage. Then Death himself had touched her, and taken
her with him. How had she played that dreadful last scene, Had she
cursed him, as she died? No; she had died for love of him, and love
would always be a sacrament to him now. She had atoned for everything,
by the sacrifice she had made of her life. He would not think any more
of what she had made him go through, on that horrible night at the
theatre. When he thought of her, it would be as a wonderful tragic
figure sent on to the world's stage to show the supreme reality of
Love. A wonderful tragic figure? Tears came to his eyes as he
remembered her childlike look and winsome fanciful ways and shy
tremulous grace. He brushed them away hastily, and looked again at the
picture.

  He felt that the time had really come for making his choice. Or
had his choice already been made? Yes, life had decided that for
him- life, and his own infinite curiosity about life. Eternal youth,
infinite passion, pleasure subtle and secret, wild joys and wilder
sins- he was to have all these things. The portrait was to bear the
burden of his shame: that was all.

  A feeling of pain crept over him as he thought of the desecration
that was in store for the fair face on the canvas. Once, in boyish
mockery of Narcissus, he had kissed, or feigned to kiss, those painted
lips that now smiled so cruelly at him. Morning after morning he had
sat before the portrait wondering at its beauty, almost enamoured of
it, as it seemed to him at times. Was it to alter now with every
mood to which he yielded? Was it to become a monstrous and loathsome
thing, to be hidden away in a locked room, to be shut out from the
sunlight that had so often touched to brighter gold the waving
wonder of its hair? The pity of it! the pity of it!

  For a moment he thought of praying that the horrible sympathy that
existed between him and the picture might cease. It had changed in
answer to a prayer; perhaps in answer to a prayer it might remain
unchanged. And, yet, who, that knew anything about Life, would
surrender the chance of remaining always young, however fantastic that
chance might be, or with what fateful consequences it might be
fraught? Besides, was it really under his control? Had it indeed
been prayer that had produced the substitution? Might there not be
some curious scientific reason for it all? If thought could exercise
its influence upon a living organism, might not thought exercise an
influence upon dead and inorganic things? Nay, without thought or
conscious desire, might not things external to ourselves vibrate in
unison with our moods and passions, atom calling to atom in secret
love or strange affinity? But the reason was of no importance. He
would never again tempt by a prayer any terrible power. If the picture
was to alter, it was to alter. That was all. Why inquire too closely
into it?

  For there would be a real pleasure in watching it. He would be
able to follow his mind into its secret places. This portrait would be
to him the most magical of mirrors. As it had revealed to him his
own body, so it would reveal to him his own soul. And when winter came
upon it, he would still be standing where spring trembles on the verge
of summer. When the blood crept from its face, and left behind a
pallid mask of chalk with leaden eyes, he would keep the glamour of
boyhood. Not one blossom of his loveliness would ever fade. Not one
pulse of his life would ever weaken. Like the gods of the Greeks, he
would be strong, and fleet, and joyous. What did it matter what
happened to the coloured image on the canvas? He would be safe. That
was everything.

  He drew the screen back into its former place in front of the
picture, smiling as he did so, and passed into his bedroom, where
his valet was already waiting for him. An hour later he was at the
Opera, and Lord Henry was leaning over his chair.

                              CHAPTER IX

  As he was sitting at breakfast next morning, Basil Hallward was
shown into the room.

  "I am glad I have found you, Dorian," he said gravely. "I called
last night, and they told me you were at the Opera. Of course I knew
that was impossible. But I wish you hid left word where you had really
gone to. I passed a dreadful evening, half afraid that one tragedy
might be followed by another. I think you might have telegraphed for
me when you heard of it first. I read of it quite by chance in a
late edition of The Globe, that I picked up at the club. I came here
at once, and was miserable at not finding you. I can't tell you how
heartbroken I am about the whole thing. I know what you must suffer.
But where were you? Did you go down and see the girl's mother? For a
moment I thought of following you there. They gave the address in
the paper. Somewhere in the Euston Road, isn't it? But I was afraid of
intruding upon a sorrow that I could not lighten. Poor woman! What a
state she must be in! And her only child, too! What did she say
about it all?"

  "My dear Basil, how do I know?" murmured Dorian Gray, sipping some
pale-yellow wine from a delicate gold-beaded bubble of Venetian glass,
and looking dreadfully bored. "I was at the Opera. You should have
come on there. met Lady Gwendolyn, Harry's sister, for the first time.
We were in her box. She is perfectly charming; and Patti sang
divinely. Don't talk about horrid subjects. If one doesn't talk
about a thing, it has never happened. It is simply expression, as
Harry says, that gives reality to things. I may mention that she was
not the woman's only child. There is a son, a charming fellow, I
believe. But he is not on the stage. He is a sailor, or something. And
now, tell me about yourself and what you are painting."

  "You went to the Opera?" said Hallward, speaking very slowly, and
with a strained touch of pain in his voice. "You went to the Opera
while Sibyl Vane was lying dead in some sordid lodging? You can talk
to me of other women being charming, and of Patti singing divinely,
before the girl you loved has even the quiet of a grave to sleep in?
Why, man, there are horrors in store for that little white body of
hers!"

  "Stop, Basil! I won't hear it!" cried Dorian, leaping to his feet.
"You must not tell me about things. What is done is done. What is past
is past."

  "You call yesterday the past?"

  "What has the actual lapse of time got to do with it? It is only
shallow people who require years to get rid of an emotion. A man who
is master of himself can end a sorrow as easily as he can invent a
pleasure. I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to
use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them."

  "Dorian, this is horrible! Something has changed you completely. You
look exactly like the same wonderful boy who, day after day, used to
come down to my studio to sit for his picture. But you were simple,
natural, and affectionate then. You were the most unspoiled creature
in the whole world. Now, I don't know what has come over you. You talk
as if you had no heart, no pity in you. It is all Harry's influence. I
see that."

  The lad flushed up, and, going to the window, looked out for a few
moments on the green, flickering, sun-lashed garden. "I owe a great
deal to Harry, Basil," he said, at last, "more than I owe to you.
You only taught me to be vain."

  "Well, I am punished for that, Dorian- or shall be some day."

  "I don't know what you mean, Basil," he exclaimed, turning round. "I
don't know what you want. What do you want?"

  "I want the Dorian Gray I used to paint," said the artist, sadly.

  "Basil," said the lad, going over to him, and putting his hand on
his shoulder, "you have come too late. Yesterday when I heard that
Sibyl Vane had killed herself--"

  "Killed herself! Good heavens! is there no doubt about that?"
cried Hallward, looking up at him with an expression of horror.

  "My dear Basil! Surely you don't think it was a vulgar accident?
Of course she killed herself."

  The elder man buried his face in his hands. "How fearful," he
muttered, and a shudder ran through him.

  "No," said Dorian Gray, "there is nothing fearful about it. It is
one of the great romantic tragedies of the age. As a rule, people
who act lead the most commonplace lives. They are good husbands, or
faithful wives, or something tedious. You know what I mean-
middle-class virtue, and all that kind of thing. How different Sibyl
was! She lived her finest tragedy. She was always a heroine. The
last night she played- the night you saw her- she acted badly
because she had known, the reality of love. When she knew its
unreality, she died, as Juliet might have died. She passed again
into the sphere of art. There is something of the martyr about her.
Her death has all the pathetic uselessness of martyrdom, all its
wasted beauty. But as I was saying, you must not think I have not
suffered. If you had come in yesterday at a particular moment- about
half-past five, perhaps, or a quarter to six- you would have found
me in tears. Even Harry, who was here, who brought me the news, in
fact, had no idea what I was going through. I suffered immensely. Then
it passed away. I cannot repeat an emotion. No one can, except
sentimentalists. And you are awfully unjust, Basil. You come down here
to console me. That is charming of you. You find me consoled, and
you are furious. How like a sympathetic person! You remind me of a
story Harry told me about a certain philanthropist who spent twenty
years of his life in trying to get some grievance redressed, or some
unjust law altered- I forget exactly what it was. Finally he
succeeded, and nothing could exceed his disappointment. He had
absolutely nothing to do, almost died of ennui, and became a confirmed
misanthrope. And besides, my dear old Basil, if you really want to
console me, teach me rather to forget what has happened, or to see
it from a proper artistic point of view. Was it not Gautier who used
to write about la consolation des arts? I remember picking up a little
vellum-covered book in our studio one day and chancing on that
delightful phrase. Well, I am not like that young man you told me of
when we were down at Marlow together, the young man who used to say
that yellow satin could console one for all the miseries of life. I
love beautiful things that one can touch and handle. Old brocades,
green bronzes, lacquerwork, carved ivories, exquisite surroundings,
luxury, pomp, there is much to be got from all these. But the artistic
temperament that they create, or at any rate reveal, is still more
to me. To become the spectator of one's own life, as Harry says, is to
escape the suffering of life. I know you are surprised at my talking
to you like this. You have not realized how I have developed. I was
a schoolboy when you knew me. I am a man now. I have new passions, new
thoughts, new ideas. I am different, but you must not like me less.
I am changed, but you must always be my friend. Of course I am very
fond of Harry. But I know that you are better than he is. You are
not stronger- you are too much afraid of life- but you are better. And
how happy we used to be together! Don't leave me, Basil, and don't
quarrel with me. I am what I am. There is nothing more to be said."

  The painter felt strangely moved. The lad was infinitely dear to
him, and his personality had been the great turning-point in his
art. He could not bear the idea of reproaching him any more. After
all, his indifference was probably merely a mood that would pass away.
There was so much in him that was good, so much in him that was noble.

  "Well, Dorian," he said, at length, with a sad smile, "I won't speak
to you again about this horrible thing, after to-day. I only trust
your name won't be mentioned in connection with it. The inquest is
to take place this afternoon. Have they summoned you?"

  Dorian shook his head, and a look of annoyance passed over his
face at the mention of the word "inquest." There was something so
crude and vulgar about everything of the kind. "They don't know my
name," he answered.

  "But surely she did?"

  "Only my Christian name, and that I am quite sure she never
mentioned to any one. She told me once that they were all rather
curious to learn who I was, and that she invariably told them my
name was Prince Charming. It was pretty of her. You must do me a
drawing of Sibyl, Basil. I should like to have something more of her
than the memory of a few kisses and some broken pathetic words."

  "I will try and do something, Dorian, if it would please you. But
you must come and sit to me yourself again. I can't get on without
you."

  "I can never sit to you again, Basil. It is impossible!" he
exclaimed, starting back.

  The painter stared at him. "My dear boy, what nonsense!" he cried.
"Do you mean to say you don't like what I did for you? Where is it?
Why, have you pulled the screen in front of it? Let me look at it?
It is the best thing I have ever done. Do take the screen away,
Dorian. It is simply, disgraceful of your servant hiding my work
like that. I felt the room looked different as I came in."

  "My servant has nothing to do with it, Basil. You don't imagine I
let him arrange my room for me? He settles my flowers for me
sometimes- that is all. No; I did it myself. The light was too
strong on the portrait."

  "Too strong! Surely not, my dear fellow? It is an admirable place
for it. Let me see it." And Hallward walked towards the corner of
the room.

  A cry of terror broke from Dorian Gray's lips, and he rushed between
the painter and the screen. "Basil," he said, looking very pale,
"you must not look at it. I don't wish you to."

  "Not look at my own work! you are not serious. Why shouldn't I
look at it?" exclaimed Hallward, laughing.

  "If you try to look at it, Basil, on my word of honour I will
never speak to you again as long as I live. I am quite serious. I
don't offer any explanation, and you are not to ask for any. But,
remember, if you touch this screen, everything is over between us."

  Hallward was thunderstruck. He looked at Dorian Gray in absolute
amazement. He had never seen him like this before. The lad was
actually pallid with rage. His hands were clenched, and the pupils
of his eyes were like disks of blue fire. He was trembling all over.

  "Dorian!"

  "Don't speak!"

  "But what is the matter? Of course I won't look at it if you don't
want me to," he said, rather coldly, turning on his heel, and going
over towards the window. "But, really, it seems rather absurd that I
shouldn't see my own work. especially as I am going to exhibit it in
Paris in the autumn. I shall probably have to give it another coat
of varnish before that, so I must see it some day, and why not
to-day?"

  "To exhibit it! You want to exhibit it;" exclaimed Dorian Gray, a
strange sense of terror creeping over him. Was the world going to be
shown his secret? Were people to gape at the mystery of his life? That
was impossible. Something- he did not know what- had to be done at
once.

  "Yes; I don't suppose you will object to that. Georges Petit is
going to collect all my best pictures for a special exhibition in
the Rue de Seze, which will open the first week in October. The
portrait will only be away a month. I should think you could easily
spare it for that time. In fact, you are sure to be out of town. And
if you keep it always behind a screen, you can't care much about it."

  Dorian Gray passed his hand over his forehead. There were beads of
perspiration there. He felt that he was on the brink of a horrible
danger. "You told me a month ago that you would never exhibit it,"
he cried. "Why have you changed your mind? You people who go in for
being consistent have just as many moods as others have. The only
difference is that your moods are rather meaningless. You can't have
forgotten that you assured me most solemnly that nothing in the
world would induce you to send it to any exhibition. You told Harry
exactly the same thing." He stopped suddenly, and a gleam of light
came into his eyes. He remembered that Lord Henry had said to him
once, half seriously, and half in jest, "If you want to have a strange
quarter of an hour, get Basil to tell you why he won't exhibit your
picture. He told me why he wouldn't, and it was a revelation to me."
Yes, perhaps, Basil, too, had his secret. He would ask him and try.

  "Basil," he said, coming over quite close, and looking him
straight in the face, "we have each of us a secret. Let me know yours,
and I shall tell you mine. What was your reason for refusing to
exhibit my picture?"

  The painter shuddered in spite of himself. "Dorian, if I told you,
you might like me less than you do, and you would certainly laugh at
me. I could not bear your doing either of those two things. If you
wish me never to look at your picture again, I am content. I have
always you to look at. If you wish the best work I have ever done to
be hidden from the world, I am satisfied. Your friendship is dearer to
me than any fame or reputation."

  "No, Basil, you must tell me," insisted Dorian Gray. "I think I have
a right to know." His feeling of terror had passed away, and curiosity
had taken its place. He was determined to find out Basil Hallward's
mystery.

  "Let us sit down, Dorian," said the painter, looking troubled.
"Let us sit down. And just answer me one question. Have you noticed in
the picture something curious?- something that probably at first did
not strike you, but that revealed itself to you suddenly?"

  "Basil!" cried the lad, clutching the arms of his chair with
trembling hands, and gazing at him with wild, startled eyes.

  "I see you did. Don't speak. Wait till you hear what I have to
say. Dorian, from the moment I met you, your personality had the
most extraordinary influence over me. I was dominated, soul, brain,
and power by you. You became to me the visible incarnation of that
unseen ideal whose memory haunts us artists like an exquisite dream. I
worshipped you. I grew jealous of every one to whom you spoke. I
wanted to have you all to myself. I was only happy when I was with
you. When you were away from me you were still present in my art....
Of course I never let you know anything about this. It would have been
impossible. You would not have understood it. I hardly understood it
myself. I only, knew that I had seen perfection face to face, and that
the world had become wonderful to my eyes- too wonderful, perhaps, for
in such mad worships there is peril, the peril of losing them, no less
than the peril of keeping them.... Weeks and weeks went on, and I grew
more and more absorbed in you. Then came a new development. I had
drawn you as Paris in dainty armour, and as Adonis with huntsman's
cloak and polished boar-spear. Crowned with heavy lotus-blossoms you
had sat on the prow of Adrian's barge, gazing across the green
turbid Nile. You had leaned over the still pool of some Greek
woodland, and seen in the water's silent silver the marvel of your own
face. And it had all been what art should be, unconscious, ideal,
and remote. One day, a fatal day I sometimes think, I determined to
paint a wonderful portrait of you as you actually are, not in the
costume of dead ages, but in your own dress and in your own time.
Whether it was the Realism of the method or the mere wonder of your
own personality, thus directly presented to me without mist or veil, I
cannot tell. But I know that as I worked at it, every flake and film
of colour seemed to me to reveal my secret. I grew afraid that
others would know of my idolatry. I felt, Dorian, that I had told
too much, that I had put too much of myself into it. Then it was
that I resolved never to allow the picture to be exhibited. You were a
little annoyed; but then you did not realize all that it meant to
me. Harry, to whom I talked about it, laughed at me. But I did not
mind that. When the picture was finished, and I sat alone with it, I
felt that I was right.... Well, after a few days the thing left my
studio, and as soon as I had got rid of the intolerable fascination of
its presence it seemed to me that I had been foolish in imagining that
I had seen anything in it, more than that you were extremely
good-looking and that I could paint. Even now I cannot help feeling
that it is a mistake to think that the passion one feels in creation
is ever really shown in the work one creates. Art is always more
abstract than we fancy. Form and colour tell us of form and colour-
that is all. It often seems to me that art conceals the artist far
more completely than it ever reveals him. And so when I got this offer
from Paris I determined to make your portrait the principal thing in
my exhibition. It never occurred to me that you would refuse. I see
now that you were right. The picture cannot be shown. You must not
be angry with me, Dorian, for what I have told you. As I said to
Harry, once, you are made to be worshipped."

  Dorian Gray drew a long breath. The colour came back to his
cheeks, and a smile played about his lips. The peril was over. He
was safe for the time. Yet he could not help feeling infinite pity for
the painter who had just made this strange confession to him, and
wondered if he himself would ever be so dominated by the personality
of a friend. Lord Henry had the charm of being very dangerous. But
that was all. He was too clever and too cynical to be really fond
of. Would there ever be some one who would fill him with a strange
idolatry? Was that one of the things that life had in store?

  "It is extraordinary, to me, Dorian," said Hallward, "that you
should have seen this in the portrait. Did you really see it?"

  "I saw something in it," he answered, "something that seemed to me
very curious."

  "Well, you don't mind my looking at the thing now?"

  Dorian shook his head. "You must not ask me that, Basil. I could not
possibly let you stand in front of that picture."

  "You will some day, surely?"

  "Never."

  "Well, perhaps you are right. And now good-bye, Dorian. You have
been the one person in my life who has really influenced my art.
Whatever I have done that is good, I owe to you. Ah! you don't know
what it cost me to tell you all that I have told you."

  "My dear Basil," said Dorian, "what have you told me? Simply that
you felt that you admired me too much. That is not even a compliment."

  "It was not intended as a compliment. It was a confession. Now
that I have made it, something seems to have gone out of me. Perhaps
one should never put one's worship into words."

  "It was a disappointing confession."

  "Why, what did you expect, Dorian? You didn't see anything else in
the picture, did you? There was nothing else to see?"

  "No; there was nothing else to see. Why do you ask? But you
mustn't talk about worship. It is foolish. You and I are friends,
Basil, and we must always remain so."

  "You have got Harry," said the painter, sadly.

  "Oh, Harry,?" cried the lad, with a ripple of laughter. "Harry
spends his days in saying what is incredible, and his evenings in
doing what is improbable. Just the sort of life I would like to
lead. But still I don't think I would go to Harry if I were in
trouble. I would sooner go to you, Basil."

  "You will sit to me again?"

  "Impossible!"

  "You spoil my life as an artist by refusing, Dorian. No man came
across two ideal things. Few come across one."

  "I can't explain it to you, Basil, but I must never sit to you
again. There is something fatal about a portrait. It has a life of its
own. I will come and have tea with you. That will be just as
pleasant."

  "Pleasanter for you, I am afraid," murmured Hallward, regretfully.
"And now good-bye. I am sorry you won't let me look at the picture
once again. But that can't be helped. I quite understand what you feel
about it."

  As he left the room, Dorian Gray smiled to himself. Poor Basil!
how little he knew of the true reason! And how strange it was that,
instead of having been forced to reveal his own secret, he had
succeeded, almost by chance, in wresting a secret from his friend! How
much that strange confession explained to him! The painter's absurd
fits of jealousy, his wild devotion, his extravagant panegyrics, his
curious reticences- he understood them all now, and he felt sorry.
There seemed to him to be something tragic in a friendship so coloured
by romance.

  He sighed and touched a bell. The portrait must be hidden away at
all costs. He could not run such a risk of discovery again. It had
been mad of him to have allowed the thing to remain, even for an hour,
in a room to which any of his friends had access.

                              CHAPTER X

  When his servant entered, he looked at him steadfastly, and wondered
if he had thought of peering behind the screen. The man was quite
impassive, and waited for his orders. Dorian lit a cigarette, and
walked over to the glass and glanced into it. He could see the
reflection of Victor's face perfectly. It was like a placid mask of
servility. There was nothing to be afraid of, there. Yet he thought it
best to be on his guard.

  Speaking very slowly, he told him to tell the housekeeper that he
wanted to see her, and then to go to the frame-maker and ask him to
send two of his men round at once. It seemed to him that as the man
left the room his eyes wandered in the direction of the screen. Or was
that merely his own fancy?

  After a few moments, in her black silk dress with old-fashioned
thread mittens on her wrinkled hands, Mrs. Leaf bustled into the
library. He asked for the key of the schoolroom.

  "The old schoolroom, Mr. Dorian," she exclaimed. "Why, it is full of
dust. I must get it arranged, and put it straight before you go into
it. It is not fit for you to see, sir. It is not, indeed."

  "I don't want it put straight, Leaf. I only want the key."

  "Well, sir, you'll be covered with cobwebs if you go into it. Why,
it hasn't been opened for nearly five years, not since his lordship
died."

  He winced at the mention of his grandfather. He had hateful memories
of him. "That does not matter," he answered. "I simply want to see the
place- that is all. Give me the key."

  "And here is the key, sir," said the old lady, going over the
contents of her bunch with tremulously uncertain hands. "Here is the
key. I'll have it off the bunch in a moment. But you don't think of
living up there, sir, and you so comfortable here?"

  "No, no," he cried, petulantly. "Thank you, Leaf. That will do."

  She lingered for a few moments, and was garrulous over some detail
of the household. He sighed, and told her to manage things as she
thought best. She left the room, wreathed in smiles.

  As the door closed, Dorian put the key in his pocket, and looked
round the room. His eye fell on a large purple satin coverlet
heavily embroidered with gold, a splendid piece of late
seventeenth-century Venetian work that his grandfather had found it
a convent near Bologna. Yes, that would serve to wrap the dreadful
thing in. It had perhaps served often as a pall for the dead. Now it
was to hide something that had a corruption of its own, worse than the
corruption of death itself- something that would breed horrors and yet
would never die. What the worm was to the corpse, his sins would be to
the painted image on the canvas. They would mar its beauty, and eat
its grace. They would defile it, and make it shameful. And yet the
thing would still live on. It would be always alive.

  He shuddered, and for a moment he regretted that he had not told
Basil the true reason why he had wished to hide the picture away.
Basil would have helped him to resist Lord Henry's influence, and
the still more poisonous influences that came from his own
temperament. The love that he bore him- for it was really love- had
nothing in it that was not noble and intellectual. It was not that
mere physical admiration of beauty that is born of the senses, and
that dies when the senses tire. It was such love as Michael Angelo had
known, and Montaigne, and Winckelmann, and Shakespeare himself. Yes,
Basil could have saved him. But it was too late now. The past could
always be annihilated. Regret, denial, or forgetfulness could do that.
But the future was inevitable. There were passions in him that would
find their terrible outlet, dreams that would make the shadow of their
evil real.

  He took up from the couch the great purple-and-gold texture that
covered it, and, holding it in his hands, passed behind the screen.
Was the face on the canvas viler than before, it seemed to him that it
was unchanged; and yet his loathing of it was intensified. Gold
hair, blue eyes, and rose-red lips- they all were there. It was simply
the expression that had altered. That was horrible in its cruelty.
Compared to what he saw in it of censure or rebuke, how shallow
Basil's reproaches about Sibyl Vane had been!- how shallow, and of
what little account! His own soul was looking out at him from the
canvas and calling him to judgment. A look of pain came across him,
and he flung the rich pall over the picture. As he did so, a knock
came to the door. He passed out as his servant entered.

  "The persons are here, Monsieur."

  He felt that the man must be got rid of at once. He must not be
allowed to know where the picture was being taken to. There was
something sly about him, and he had thoughtful, treacherous eyes.
Sitting down at the writing-table, he scribbled a note to Lord
Henry, asking him to send him round something to read, and reminding
him that they were to meet at eight-fifteen that evening.

  "Wait for an answer," he said, handing it to him, "and show the
men in here."

  In two or three minutes there was another knock, and Mr. Hubbard
himself, the celebrated frame-maker of South Audley Street, came in
with a somewhat rough-looking young assistant. Mr. Hubbard was a
florid, red-whiskered little man, whose admiration for art was
considerably tempered by the inveterate impecuniosity of most of the
artists who dealt with him. As a rule, he never left his shop. He
waited for people to come to him. But he always made an exception in
favor of Dorian Gray. There was something about Dorian that charmed
everybody. It was a pleasure even to see him.

  "What can I do for you, Mr. Gray?" he said, rubbing his fat freckled
hands. "I thought I would do myself the honour of coming round in
person. I have just got a beauty of a frame, sir. Picked it up at a
sale. Came from Fonthill, I believe. Admirably suited for a
religious subject, Mr. Gray."

  "I am so sorry you have given yourself the trouble of coming
round, Mr. Hubbard. I shall certainly drop in and look at the frame-
though I don't go in much at present for religious art- but to-day,
I only want a picture carried to the top of the house for me. It is
rather heavy, so I thought I would ask you to lend me a couple of your
men."

  "No trouble at all, Mr. Gray. I am delighted to be of any service to
you. Which is the work of art, sir?"

  "This," replied Dorian, moving the screen back. "Can you move it,
covering and all, just as it is? I don't want it to get scratched
going upstairs."

  "There will be no difficulty, sir," said the genial frame-maker,
beginning, with the aid of his assistant, to unhook the picture from
the long brass chains by which it was suspended. "And, now, where
shall we carry it to, Mr. Gray?"

  "I will show you the way, Mr. Hubbard, if you will kindly follow me.
Or perhaps you had better go in front. I am afraid it is right at
the top of the house. We will go up by the front staircase, as it is
wider."

  He held the door open for them, and they passed out into the hall
and began the ascent. The elaborate character of the frame had made
the picture extremely bulky, and now and then, in spite of the
obsequious protests of Mr. Hubbard, who had the true tradesman's
spirited dislike of seeing a gentleman doing anything useful, Dorian
put his hand to it so as to help them.

  "Something of a load to carry, sir," gasped the little man, when
they reached the top landing. And he wiped his shiny forehead.

  "I am afraid it is rather heavy," murmured Dorian, as he unlocked
the door that opened into the room that was to keep for him the
curious secret of his life and hide his soul from the eyes of men.

  He had not entered the place for more than four years- not,
indeed, since he had used it first as a playroom when he was a
child, and then as a study when he grew somewhat older. It was a
large, well-proportioned room, which had been specially built by the
last Lord Kelso for the use of the little grandson whom, for his
strange likeness to his mother, and also for other reasons, he had
always hated and desired to keep at a distance. It appeared to
Dorian to have but little changed. There was the huge Italian cassone,
with its fantastically-painted panels and its tarnished gilt
mouldings, in which he had so often hidden himself as a boy. There the
satinwood bookcase filled with his dog-eared schoolbooks. On the
wall behind it was hanging the same ragged Flemish tapestry where a
faded king and queen were playing chess in a garden, while a company
of hawkers rode by, carrying hooded birds on their gauntleted
wrists. How well he remembered it all! Every moment of his lonely
childhood came back to him as he looked round. He recalled the
stainless purity of his boyish life, and it seemed horrible to him
that it was here the fatal portrait was to be hidden away. How
little he had thought, in those dead days, of all that was in store
for him!

  But there was no other place in the house so secure from prying eyes
as this. He had the key, and no one else could enter it. Beneath its
purple pall, the face painted on the canvas could grow bestial,
sodden, and unclean. What did it matter? No one could see it. He
himself would not see it. Why should he watch the hideous corruption
of his soul? He kept his youth- that was enough. And, besides, might
not his nature grow finer, after all? There was no reason that the
future should be so full of shame. Some love might come across his
life, and purify him, and shield him from those sins that seemed to be
already stirring in spirit and in flesh- those curious unpictured sins
whose very mystery lent them their subtlety and their charm.
Perhaps, some day, the cruel look would have passed away from the
scarlet sensitive mouth, and he might show to the world Basil
Hallward's masterpiece.

  No; that was impossible. Hour by hour, and week by week, the thing
upon the canvas was growing old. It might escape the hideousness of
sin, but the hideousness of age was in store for it. The cheeks
would become hollow or flaccid. Yellow crow's-feet would creep round
the fading eyes and make them horrible. The hair would lose its
brightness, the mouth would gape or droop, would be foolish or
gross, as the mouths of old men are. There would be the wrinkled
throat, the cold, blue-veined hands, the twisted body, that he
remembered in the grandfather who had been so stern to him in his
boyhood. The picture had to be concealed. There was no help for it.

  "Bring it in, Mr. Hubbard, please," he said, wearily, turning round.
"I am sorry I kept you waiting so long. I was thinking of something
else."

  "Always glad to have a rest, Mr. Gray," answered the frame-maker,
who was still gasping for breath. "Where shall we put it, sir?"

  "Oh, anywhere. Here: this will do. I don't want to have it hung
up. Just lean it against the wall. Thanks."

  "Might one look at the work of art, sir?"

  Dorian started. "It would not interest you, Mr. Hubbard," he said,
keeping his eye on the man. He felt ready to leap upon him and fling
him to the ground if he dared to lift the gorgeous hanging that
concealed the secret of his life. "I shan't trouble you any more
now. I am much obliged for your kindness in coming round."

  "Not at all, not at all, Mr. Gray. Ever ready to do anything for
you, sir." And Mr. Hubbard tramped downstairs, followed by the
assistant, who glanced back at Dorian with a look of shy wonder in his
rough, uncomely face. He had never seen any one so marvellous.

  When the sound of their footsteps had died away, Dorian locked the
door, and put the key in his pocket. He felt safe now. No one would
ever look upon the horrible thing. No eye but his would ever see his
shame.

  On reaching the library he found that it was just after five
o'clock, and that the tea had been already brought up. On a little
table of dark perfumed wood thickly encrusted with nacre, a present
from Lady Radley, his guardian's wife, a pretty professional
invalid, who had spent the preceding winter in Cairo, was lying a note
from Lord Henry, and beside it was a book bound in yellow paper, the
cover slightly torn and the edges soiled. A copy of the third
edition of The St. James Gazette had been placed on the tea-tray. It
was evident that Victor had returned. He wondered if he had met the
men in the hall as they were leaving the house, and had wormed out
of them what they had been doing. He would be sure to miss the
picture- had no doubt missed it already, while he had been laying
the tea-things. The screen had not been set back, and a blank space
was visible on the wall. Perhaps some night he might find him creeping
upstairs and trying to force the door of the room. It was a horrible
thing to have a spy in one's house. He had heard of rich men who had
been blackmailed all their lives by some servant who had read a
letter, or overheard a conversation, or picked up a card with an
address, or found beneath a pillow a withered flower or a shred of
crumpled lace.

  He sighed, and, having poured himself out some tea, opened Lord
Henry's note. It was simply to say, that he sent him round the evening
paper, and book that might interest him, and that he would be at the
club at eight-fifteen. He opened The St. James languidly, and looked
through it. A red pencil-mark on the fifth page caught his eye. It
drew attention to the following paragraph:

  "INQUEST ON AN ACTRESS.- An inquest was held this morning at the
Bell Tavern, Hoxton Road, by Mr. Danby, the District Coroner, on the
body of Sibyl Vane, a young actress recently engaged at the Royal
Theatre, Holborn. A verdict of death by misadventure was returned.
Considerable sympathy was expressed for the mother of the deceased,
who was greatly affected during the giving of her own evidence and
that of Dr. Birrell, who had made the postmortem examination of the
deceased."

  He frowned, and, tearing the paper in two went across the room and
flung the pieces away. How ugly it all was! And how horribly real
ugliness made things! He felt a little annoyed with Lord Henry for
having sent him the report. And it was certainly stupid of him to have
marked it with red pencil. Victor might have read it. The man knew
more than enough English for that.

  Perhaps he had read it, and had begun to suspect something. And,
yet, what did it matter, What had Dorian Gray to do with Sibyl
Vane's death? There was nothing to fear. Dorian Gray had not killed
her.

  His eye fell on the yellow book that Lord Henry had sent him. What
was it, he wondered. He went towards the little pearl-coloured
octagonal stand, that had always looked to him like the work of some
strange Egyptian bees that wrought in silver, and taking up the
volume, flung himself into an armchair, and began to turn over the
leaves. After a few minutes he became absorbed. It was the strangest
book that he had ever read. It seemed to him that in exquisite
raiment, and to the delicate sound of flutes, the sins of the world
were passing in dumb show before him. Things that he had dimly dreamed
of were suddenly made real to him. Things of which he had never
dreamed were gradually revealed.

  It was a novel without a plot, and with only one character, being
indeed, simply a psychological study of a certain young Parisian,
who spent his life trying to realize in the nineteenth century all the
passions and modes of thought that belonged to every century except
his own, and to sum up, as it were, in himself the various moods
through which the world-spirit had ever passed, loving for their
mere artificiality those renunciations that men have unwisely called
virtue, as much as those natural rebellions that wise men still call
sin. The style in which it was written was that curious jewelled
style, vivid and obscure at once, full of argot and of archaisms, of
technical expressions and of elaborate paraphrases, that characterizes
the work of some of the finest artists of the French school of
Symbolistes. There were in it metaphors as monstrous as orchids, and
as subtle in colour. The life of the senses was described in the terms
of mystical philosophy. One hardly knew at times whether one was
reading the spiritual ecstasies of some mediaeval saint or the
morbid confessions of a modern sinner. It was a poisonous book. The
heavy odor of incense seemed to cling about its pages and to trouble
the brain. The mere cadence of the sentences, the subtle monotony of
their music, so full as it was of complex refrains and movements
elaborately repeated, produced in the mind of the lad, as he passed
from chapter to chapter, a form of reverie, a malady of dreaming, that
made him unconscious of the falling day and creeping shadows.

  Cloudless, and pierced by one solitary star, a copper-green sky
gleamed through the windows. He read on by its wan light till he could
read no more. Then, after his valet had reminded him several times
of the lateness of the hour, he got up, and, going into the next room,
placed the book on the little Florentine table that always stood at
his bedside, and began to dress for dinner.

  It was almost nine o'clock before he reached the club, where he
found Lord Henry sitting alone, in the morning-room, looking very much
bored.

  "I am so sorry, Harry," he cried, "but really it is entirely your
fault. That book you sent me so fascinated me that I forgot how the
time was going."

  "Yes: I thought you would like it," replied his host, rising from
his chair.

  "I didn't say I liked it, Harry. I said it fascinated me. There is a
great difference."

  "Ah, you have discovered that?" murmured Lord Henry. And they passed
into the dining-room.

                              CHAPTER XI

  For years, Dorian Gray could not free himself from the influence
of this book. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that he
never sought to free himself from it. He procured from Paris no less
than nine large-paper copies of the first edition, and had them
bound in different colours, so that they might suit his various
moods and the changing fancies of a nature over which he seemed, at
times, to have almost entirely lost control. The hero, the wonderful
young Parisian, in whom the romantic and the scientific temperaments
were so strangely blended, became to him a kind of prefiguring type of
himself. And, indeed, the whole book seemed to him to contain the
story of his own life, written before he had lived it.

  In one point he was more fortunate than the novel's fantastic
hero. He never knew- never, indeed, had any cause to know- that
somewhat grotesque dread of mirrors, and polished metal surfaces,
and still waters, which came upon the young Parisian so early in his
life, and was occasioned by the sudden decay of a beauty that had
once, apparently, been so remarkable. It was with an almost cruel joy-
and perhaps in nearly every joy, as certainly in every pleasure,
cruelty has its place- that he used to read the latter part of the
book, with its really tragic, if somewhat over-emphasized, account
of the sorrow and despair of one who had himself lost what in
others, and in the world, he had most dearly valued.

  For the wonderful beauty that had so fascinated Basil Hallward,
and many others besides him, seemed never to leave him. Even those who
had heard the most evil things against him, and from time to time
strange rumours about his mode of life crept through London and became
the chatter of the clubs, could not believe anything to his
dishonour when they saw him. He had always the look of one who had
kept himself unspotted from the world. Men who talked grossly became
silent when Dorian Gray entered the room. There was something in the
purity of his face that rebuked them. His mere presence seemed to
recall to them the memory of the innocence that they had tarnished.
They wondered how one so charming and graceful as he was could have
escaped the stain of an age that was at once sordid and sensual.

  Often, on returning home from one of those mysterious and
prolonged absences that gave rise to such strange conjecture among
those who were his friends, or thought that they were so, he himself
would creep upstairs to the locked room, open the door with the key
that never left him now, and stand, with a mirror, in front of the
portrait that Basil Hallward had painted of him, looking now at the
evil and aging face on the canvas, and now at the fair young face that
laughed back at him from the polished glass. The very sharpness of the
contrast used to quicken his sense of pleasure. He grew more and
more enamoured of his own beauty, more and more interested in the
corruption of his own soul. He would examine with minute care, and
sometimes with monstrous and terrible delight, the hideous lines
that seared the wrinkling forehead or crawled around the heavy sensual
mouth, wondering sometimes which were the more horrible, the signs
of sin or the signs of age. He would place his white hands beside
the coarse bloated hands of the picture, and smile. He mocked the
misshapen body and the failing limbs.

  There were moments, indeed, at night, when, lying sleepless in his
own delicately-scented chamber, or in the sordid room of the little
ill-famed tavern near the Docks, which, under an assumed name, and
in disguise, it was his habit to frequent, he would think of the
ruin he had brought upon his soul, with a pity that was all the more
poignant because it was purely selfish. But moments such as these were
rare. That curiosity about life which Lord Henry had first stirred
in him, as they sat together in the garden of their friend, seemed
to increase with gratification. The more he knew, the more he
desired to know. He had mad hungers that grew more ravenous as he
fed them.

  Yet he was not really reckless, at any rate in his relations to
society. Once or twice every month during the winter, and on each
Wednesday evening while the season lasted, he would throw open to
the world his beautiful house and have the most celebrated musicians
of the day to charm his guests with the wonder's of their art. His
little dinners, in the settling of which Lord Henry always assisted
him, were noted as much for the careful selection and placing of those
invited, as for the exquisite taste shown in the decoration of the
table, with its subtle symphonic arrangements of exotic flowers, and
embroidered cloths, and antique plate of gold and silver. Indeed,
there were many, especially among the very young men, who saw, or
fancied that they saw, in Dorian Gray the true realization of a type
of which they had often dreamed in Eton or Oxford days, a type that
was to combine something of the real culture of the scholar with all
the grace and distinction and perfect manner of a citizen of the
world. To them he seemed to be of the company of those whom Dante
describes as having sought to "make themselves perfect by the
worship of beauty." Like Gautier, he was one for whom "the visible
world existed."

  And certainly, to him Life itself was the first, the greatest, of
the arts, and for it all the other arts seemed to be but a
preparation. Fashion, by which what is really fantastic becomes for
a moment universal, and Dandyism, which, in its own way, is an attempt
to assert the absolute modernity of beauty, had, of course, their
fascination for him. His mode of dressing, and the particular styles
that from time to time he affected, had their marked influence on
the young exquisites of the Mayfair balls and Pall Mall Club
windows, who copied him in everything that he did, and tried to
reproduce the accidental charm of his graceful, though to him only
half-serious fopperies.

  For, while he was but too ready to accept the position that was
almost immediately offered to him on his coming of age, and found,
indeed, a subtle pleasure in the thought that he might really become
to the London of his own day what to imperial Neronian Rome the author
of the "Satyricon" once had been, yet in his inmost heart he desired
to be something more than a mere arbiter elegantiarum, to be consulted
on the wearing of a jewel, or the knotting of a necktie, or the
conduct of a cane. He sought to elaborate some new scheme of life that
would have its reasoned philosophy and its ordered principles, and
find in the spiritualizing of the senses its highest realization.

  The worship of the senses has often, and with much justice, been
decried, men feeling a natural instinct of terror about passions and
sensations that seem stronger than themselves, and that they are
conscious of sharing with the less highly organized forms of
existence. But it appeared to Dorian Gray that the true nature of
the senses had never been understood, and that they had remained
savage and animal merely because the world had sought to starve them
into submission or to kill them by pain, instead of aiming at making
them elements of a new spirituality, of which a fine instinct for
beauty was to be the dominant characteristic. As he looked back upon
man moving through History, he was haunted by a feeling of loss. So
much had been surrendered! and to such little purpose! There had
been mad wilful rejections, monstrous forms of self-torture and
self-denial, whose origin was fear, and whose result was a degradation
infinitely more terrible than that fancied degradation from which,
in their ignorance, they had sought to escape, Nature, in her
wonderful irony, driving out the anchorite to feed with the wild
animals of the desert and giving to the hermit the beasts of the field
as his companions.

   Yes: there was to be, as Lord Henry had prophesied, a new Hedonisim
that was to re-create life, and to save it from that harsh, uncomely
Puritanism that is having, in our own day, its curious revival. It was
to have its service of the intellect, certainly; yet, it was never
to accept any theory, or system that would involve the sacrifice of
any mode of passionate experience. Its aim, indeed, was to be
experience itself, and not the fruits of experience, sweet or bitter
as they might be. Of the asceticism that deadens the senses, as of the
vulgar profligacy that dulls them, it was to know nothing. But it
was to teach man to concentrate himself upon the moments of a life
that is itself but a moment.

  There are few of us who have not sometimes wakened before dawn,
either after one of those dreamless nights that make us almost
enamoured of death, or one of those nights of horror and misshapen
joy, when through the chambers of the brain sweep phantoms more
terrible than reality itself, and instinct with that vivid life that
lurks in all grotesques, and that lends to Gothic art its enduring
vitality, this art being, one might fancy, especially the art of those
whose minds have been troubled with the malady of reverie. Gradually
white fingers creep through the curtains, and they appear to
tremble. In black fantastic shapes, dumb shadows crawl into the
corners of the room, and crouch there. Outside, there is the
stirring of birds among the leaves, or the sound of men going forth to
their work, or the sigh and sob of the wind coming down from the
hills, and wandering round the silent house, as though it feared to
wake the steepers, and yet must needs call forth sleep from her purple
cave. Veil after veil of thin dusky gauze is lifted, and by degrees
the forms and colours of things are restored to them, and we watch the
dawn remaking the world in its antique pattern. The wan mirrors get
back their mimic life. The flameless tapers stand where we had left
them, and beside them lies the half-cut book that we had been
studying, or the wired flower that we had worn at the ball, or the
letter that we had been afraid to read, or that we had read too often.
Nothing seems to us changed. Out of the unreal shadows of the night
comes back the real life that we had known. We have to resume it where
we had left off, and there steals over us a terrible sense of the
necessity for the continuance of energy in the same wearisome round of
stereotyped habits, or a wild longing, it may be, that our eyelids
might open some morning upon a world that had been refashioned anew in
the darkness for our pleasure, a world in which things would have
fresh shapes and colours, and be changed, or have other secrets, a
world in which the past would have little or no place, or survive,
at any rate, in no conscious form of obligation or regret, the
remembrance even of joy having its bitterness, and the memories of
pleasure their pain.

  It was the creation of such worlds as these that seemed to Dorian
Gray to be the true object, or amongst the true objects, of like;
and in his search for sensations that would be at once new and
delightful, and possess that element of strangeness that is so
essential to romance, he would often adopt certain modes of thought
that he knew to be really alien to his nature, abandon himself to
their subtle influences, and then, having, as it were, caught their
colour and satisfied his intellectual curiosity, leave them with
that curious indifference that is not incompatible with a real
ardour of temperament, and that indeed, according to certain modern
psychologists, is often a condition of it.

  It was rumoured of him once that he was about to join the Roman
Catholic communion; and certainly the Roman ritual had always a
great attraction for him. The daily sacrifice, more awful really
than all the sacrifices of the antique world, stirred him as much by
its superb rejection of the evidence of the senses as by the primitive
simplicity of its elements and the eternal pathos of the human tragedy
that it sought to symbolize. He loved to kneel down on the cold marble
pavement, and watch the priest, in his stiff flowered dalmatic, slowly
and with white hands moving aside the veil of the tabernacle, or
raising aloft the jewelled lantern-shaped monstrance with that
pallid wafer that at times, one would fain think, is indeed the "panis
caelestis," the bread of angels, or, robed in the garments of the
Passion of Christ, breaking the Host into the chalice, and smiting his
breast for his sins. The fuming censers, that the grave boys, in their
lace and scarlet, tossed into the air like great gilt flowers, had
their subtle fascination for him. As he passed out, he used to look
with wonder at the black confessionals, and long to sit in the dim
shadow of one of them and listen to men and women whispering through
the worn grating the true story of their lives.

  But he never fell into the error of arresting his intellectual
development by any formal acceptance of creed or system, or of
mistaking, for a house in which to live, an inn that is but suitable
for the sojourn of a night or for a few hours of a night in which
there are no stars and the moon is in travail. Mysticism, with its
marvellous power of making common things strange to us, and the subtle
antinomianism that always seems to accompany it, moved him for a
season; and for a season he inclined to the materialistic doctrines of
the Darwinismus movement in Germany, and found a curious pleasure in
tracing the thoughts and passions of men to some pearly cell in the
brain, or some white nerve in the body, delighting in the conception
of the absolute dependence of the spirit on certain physical
conditions, morbid or healthy, normal or diseased. Yet, as has been
said of him before, no theory of life seemed to him to be of any
importance compared with life itself. He felt keenly conscious of
how barren all intellectual speculation is when separated from
action and experiment. He knew that the senses, no less than the soul,
have their spiritual mysteries to reveal.

  And so he would now study perfumes, and the secrets of their
manufacture, distilling heavily-scented oils, and burning odorous gums
from the East. He saw that there was no mood of the mind that had
not its counterpart in the sensuous life, and set himself to
discover their true relations, wondering what there was in
frankincense that made one mystical, and in ambergris that stirred
one's passions, and in violets that woke the memory of dead
romances, and in musk that troubled the brain, and in Champak that
stained the imagination; and seeking often to elaborate a real
psychology of perfumes, and to estimate the several influences of
sweet-smelling roots, and scented pollen-laden flowers, of aromatic
balms, and of dark and fragrant woods, of spikenard that sickens, of
hovenia that makes men mad, and of aloes that are said to be able to
expel melancholy from the soul.

  At another time he devoted himself entirely to music, and in a
long latticed room, with a vermilion-and-gold ceiling and walls of
olive-green lacquer, he used to give curious concerts in which mad
gypsies tore wild music from little zithers, or grave yellow-shawled
Tunisians plucked at the strained strings of monstrous lutes, while
grinning Negroes beat monotonously upon copper drums, and, crouching
upon scarlet mats, slim turbaned Indians blew through long pipes of
reed or brass, and charmed, or feigned to charm, great hooded snakes
and horrible horned adders. The harsh intervals and shrill discords of
barbaric music stirred him at times when Schubert's grace, and
Chopin's beautiful sorrows, and the mighty harmonies of Beethoven
himself, fell unheeded on his ear. He collected together from all
parts of the world the strangest instruments that could be found,
either in the tombs of dead nations or among the few savage tribes
that have survived contact with Western civilizations, and loved to
touch and try them. He had the mysterious juruparis of the Rio Negro
Indians, that women are not allowed to look at, and that even youths
may not see till they have been subjected to fasting and scourging,
and the earthen jars of the Peruvians that have the shrill cries of
birds, and flutes of human bones such as Alfonso de Ovalle heard in
Chile, and the sonorous green jaspers that are found near Cuzco and
give forth a note of singular sweetness. He had painted gourds
filled with pebbles that rattled when they were shaken; the long
clarin of the Mexicans, into which the performer does not blow, but
through which he inhales the air; the harsh ture of the Amazon tribes,
that is sounded by the sentinels who sit all day long in high trees,
and can be heard, it is said, at a distance of three leagues; the
teponaztli, that has two vibrating tongues of wood, has her
monsters, things of bestial shape and with an elastic gum obtained
from the milky juice of plants; the Yotl-bells of the Aztecs, that are
hung in clusters like grapes; and a huge cylindrical drum, covered
with the skins of great serpents, like the one that Bernal Diaz saw
when he went with Cortes into the Mexican temple, and of whose doleful
sound he has left us so vivid a description. The fantastic character
of these instruments fascinated him, and he felt a curious delight
in the thought that Art, like Nature, has her monsters, things of
bestial shape and with hideous voices. Yet, after some time, he
wearied of them, and would sit in his box at the Opera, either alone
or with Lord Henry, listening in rapt pleasure to "Tannhauser," and
seeing in the prelude to that great work of art a presentation of
the tragedy of his own soul.

  On one occasion he took up the study of jewels, and appeared at a
costume ball as Anne de Joyeuse, Admiral of France, in a dress covered
with five hundred and sixty pearls. This taste enthralled him for
years, and, indeed, may be said never to have left him. He would often
spend a whole day settling and resettling in their cases the various
stones that he had collected, such as the olive-green chrysoberyl that
turns red by lamplight, the cymophane with its wire-like line of
silver, the pistachio-coloured peridot, rose-pink and wine-yellow
topazes, carbuncles of fiery scarlet with tremulous four-rayed
stars, flame-red cinnamon-stones, orange and violet spinels, and
amethysts with their alternate layers of ruby, and sapphire. He
loved the red gold of the sunstone, and the moonstone's pearly
whiteness, and the broken rainbow of the milky opal. He procured
from Amsterdam three emeralds of extraordinary size and richness of
colour, and had a turquoise de la vieille roche that was the envy of
all the connoisseurs.

  He discovered wonderful stories, also about jewels. In Alphonso's
"Clericalis Disciplina" a serpent was mentioned with eyes of real
jacinth, and in the romantic history of Alexander, the Conqueror of
Emathia was said to have found in the vale of Jordan, snakes "with
collars of real emeralds growing on their backs." There was a gem in
the brain of the dragon, Philostratus told us, and "by the
exhibition of golden letters and a scarlet robe" the monster could
be thrown into a magical sleep, and slain. According to the great
alchemist, Pierre de Boniface, the diamond rendered a man invisible,
and the agate of India made him eloquent. The cornelian appeased
anger, and the hyacinth provoked sleep, and the amethyst drove away
the fumes of wine. The garnet cast out demons, and the hydropicus
deprived the moon of her colour. The selenite waxed and waned with the
moon, and the meloceus, that discovers thieves, could be affected only
by the blood of kids. Leonardus Camillus had seen a white stone
taken from the brain of a newly-killed toad, that was certain antidote
against poison. The bezoar, that was found in the heart of the Arabian
deer, was a charm that could cure the plague. In the nests of
Arabian birds was the aspilates, that, according to Democritus, kept
the wearer from his city with fire.

  The King of Ceilan rode through his city with a large ruby in his
hand, at the ceremony of his coronation. The gates of the palace of
John the Priest were "made of sardius, with the horn of the horned
snake inwrought, so that no man might bring poison within." Over the
gable were "two golden apples, in which were two carbuncles," so
that the gold might shine by day, and the carbuncles by night. In
Lodge's strange romance "A Margarite of America" it was stated that in
the chamber of the queen one could behold "all the chaste ladies of
the world, inchased out of silver, looking through fair mirrors of
chrysolites, carbuncles, sapphires, and greene emeraults." Marco
Polo had seen the inhabitants of Zipangu place rose-coloured pearls in
the mouths of the dead. A sea monster had been enamoured of the
pearl that the diver brought to King Perozes, and had slain the thief,
and mourned for seven moons over its loss. When the Huns lured the
king into the great pit, he flung it away- Procopius tells the
story- nor was it ever found again, though the Emperor Anastasius
offered five hundred-weight of gold pieces for it. The King of Malabar
had shown to a certain Venetian a rosary of three hundred and four
pearls, one for every god that he worshipped.

  When the Duke de Valentinois, son of Alexander VI., visited Louis
XII. of France, his horse was loaded with gold leaves, according to
Brantome, and his cap had double rows of rubies that threw out a great
light. Charles of England had ridden in stirrups hung with four
hundred and twenty-one diamonds. Richard II. had a coat, valued at
thirty thousand marks, which was covered with balas rubies. Hall
described Henry VIII., on his way to the Tower previous to his
coronation, as wearing "a jacket of raised gold, the placard
embroidered with diamonds and other rich stones, and a great bauderike
about his neck of large balasses." The favourites of James I. wore
earrings of emeralds set in gold filigrane. Edward II. gave to Piers
Gaveston a suit of red-gold armour studded with jacinths, a collar
of gold roses set with turquoise-stones, and a skull-cap parseme
with pearls. Henry II. wore jewelled gloves reaching to the elbow, and
had a hawk-glove sewn with twelve rubies and fifty-two great
orients. The ducal hat of Charles the Rash, the last Duke of
Burgundy of his race, was hung with pear-shaped pearls, and studded
with sapphires.

  How exquisite life had once been! How gorgeous in its pomp and
decoration! Even to read of the luxury of the dead was wonderful.

  Then he turned his attention to embroideries, and to the
tapestries that performed the office of frescoes in the chill rooms of
the Northern nations of Europe. As he investigated the subject- and he
always had an extraordinary faculty of becoming absolutely absorbed
for the moment in whatever he took up- he was almost saddened by the
reflection of the ruin that Time brought on beautiful and wonderful
things. He, at any rate, had escaped that. Summer followed summer, and
the yellow jonquils bloomed and died many times, and nights of
horror repeated the story of their shame, but he was unchanged. No
winter marred his face or stained his flower-like bloom. Flow
different it was with material things! Where had they passed to? Where
was the great crocus-coloured robe, on which the gods had fought
against the giants, that had been worked by brown girls for the
pleasure of Athena? Where, the huge velarium that Nero had stretched
across the Colosseum at Rome, that Titan sail of purple on which was
represented the starry sky, and Apollo driving a chariot drawn by
white gilt-reined steeds? He longed to see the curious table-napkins
wrought for the Priest of the Sun, on which were displayed all the
dainties and viands that could be wanted for a feast; the mortuary
cloth of King Chilperic, with its three hundred golden bees; the
fantastic robes that excited the indignation of the Bishop of
Pontus, and were figured with "lions, panthers, bears, dogs,
forests, rocks, hunters- all, in fact, that a painter can copy from
nature;"- and the coat that Charles of Orleans once wore, on the
sleeves of which were embroidered the verses of a song beginning
"Madame, je suis tout joyeux," the musical accompaniment of the
words being wrought in gold thread, and each note, of square shape
in those days, formed with four pearls. He read of the room that was
prepared at the palace at Rheims for the use of Queen Joan of
Burgundy, and was decorated with "thirteen hundred and twenty-one
parrots, made in broidery, and blazoned with the king's arms, and five
hundred and sixty-one butterflies, whose wings were similarly
ornamented with the arms of the queen, the whole worked in gold."
Catherine de Medicis had a mourning-bed made for her of black velvet
powdered with crescents and suns. Its curtains were of damask, with
leafy wreaths and garlands, figured upon a gold and silver ground, and
fringed along the edges with broideries of pearls, and it stood in a
room hung with rows of the queen's devices in cut black velvet upon
cloth of silver. Louis XIV. had gold embroidered caryatides fifteen
feet high in his apartment. The state bed of Sobieski, King of Poland,
was made of Smyrna gold brocade embroidered in turquoises with
verses from the Koran. Its supports were of silver gilt, beautifully
chased, and profusely set with enamelled and jewelled medallions. It
had been taken from the Turkish camp before Vienna, and the standard
of Mohammed had stood beneath the tremulous gilt of its canopy.

  And so, for a whole year, he sought to accumulate the most exquisite
specimens that he could find of textile and embroidered work,
getting the dainty Delhi muslines, finely wrought with gold with
gold thread palmates, and stitched over with iridescent beetles'
wings; the Dacca gauzes, that from their transparency are known in the
East as "wovenair," and "running water," and "evening dew"; strange
figured cloths from Java; elaborate yellow Chinese hangings; books
bound in tawny satins or fair blue silks, and wrought with fleurs de
lys, birds and images: veils of lacis worked in Hungary point;
Sicilian brocades, and stiff Spanish velvets; Georgian work with its
gilt coins, and Japanese Foukousas with their green-toned golds and
their marvellously plumaged birds.

  He had a special passion, also, for ecclesiastical vestments, as
indeed he had for everything connected with the service of the Church.
In the long cedar chests that lined the west gallery of his house he
had stored away many rare and beautiful specimens of what is really
the raiment of the Bride of Christ, who must wear purple and jewels
and fine linen that she may hide the pallid macerated body that is
worn by the suffering that she seeks for, and wounded by
self-inflicted pain. He possessed a gorgeous cope of crimson silk
and gold-thread damask, figured with a repeating pattern of golden
pomegranates set in six-petalled formal blossoms, beyond which on
either side was the pineapple device wrought in seed-pearls. The
orphreys were divided into panels representing scenes from the life of
the Virgin, and the coronation of the Virgin was figured in coloured
silks upon the hood. This was Italian work of the fifteenth century.
Another cope was of green velvet, embroidered with Heart-shaped groups
of acanthus-leaves, from which spread long-stemmed white blossoms, the
details of which were picked out with silver thread and coloured
crystals. The morse bore a seraph's head in gold-thread raised work.
The orphreys were woven in a diaper of red and gold silk, and were
starred with medallions of many saints and martyrs, among whom was St.
Sebastian, He has chasubles, also, of amber-coloured silk, and blue
silk and gold brocade, and yellow silk damask and cloth of gold,
figured with representations of the Passion and Crucifixion of Christ,
and embroidered with lions and peacocks and other emblems; dalmatics
of white satin and pink silk damask, decorated with tulips and
dolphins and fleurs de lys; altar frontals of crimson velvet and
blue linen; and many corporals, chalice-veils, and sudaria. In the
mystic offices to which such things were put, there was something that
quickened his imagination.

  For these treasures, and everything that he collected in his
lovely house, were to be to him means of forgetfulness, modes by which
he could escape, for a season, from the fear that seemed to him at
times to be almost too great to be borne. Upon the walls of the lonely
locked room where he had spent so much of his boyhood, he had hung
with his own hands the terrible portrait whose changing features
showed him the real degradation of his life, and in front of it had
draped the purple-and-gold pall as a curtain. For weeks he would not
go there, would forget the hideous painted thing, and get back his
light heart, his wonderful joyousness, his passionate absorption in
mere existence. Then, suddenly, some night he would creep out of the
house, go down to dreadful places near Blue Gate Fields, and stay
there, day after day, until he was driven away. On his return he would
sit in front of the picture, sometimes loathing it and himself, but
filled, at other times, with that pride of individualism that is
half the fascination of sin, and smiling, with secret pleasure, at the
misshapen shadow that had to bear the burden that should have been his
own.

  After a few years he could not endure to be long out of England, and
gave up the villa that he had shared at Trouville with Lord Henry,
as well as the little white walled-in house at Algiers where they
had more than once spent the winter. He hated to be separated from the
picture that was such a part of his life, and was also afraid that
during his absence some one might gain access to the room, in spite of
the elaborate bars that he had caused to be placed upon the door.

  He was quite conscious that this would tell them nothing. It was
true that the portrait still preserved, under all the foulness and
ugliness of the face, its marked likeness to himself; but what could
they learn from that? He would laugh at any one who tried to taunt
him. He had not painted it. What was it to him how vile and full of
shame it looked? Even if he told them, would they believe it?

  Yet he was afraid. Sometimes when he was down at his great house
in Nottinghamshire, entertaining the fashionable young men of his
own rank who were his chief companions, and astounding the county by
the wanton luxury and gorgeous splendor of his mode of life, he
would suddenly leave his guests and rush back to town to see that
the door had not been tampered with, and that the picture was still
there. What if it should be stolen? The mere thought made him cold
with horror. Surely the world would know his secret then. Perhaps
the world already suspected it.

  For, while he fascinated many, there were not a few who distrusted
him. He was very nearly blackballed at a West End club of which his
birth and social position fully entitled him to become a member, and
it was said that on one occasion, when he was brought by a friend into
the smoking-room of the Churchill, the Duke of Berwick and another
gentleman got up in a marked manner and went out. Curious stories
became current about him after he had passed his twenty-fifth year. It
was rumoured that he had been seen brawling with foreign sailors in
a low den in the distant parts of Whitechapel, and that he consorted
with thieves and coiners and knew the mysteries of their trade. His
extraordinary absences became notorious, and, when he used to reappear
again in society, men would whisper to each other in corners, or
pass him with a sneer, or look at him with cold, searching eyes, as
though they were determined to discover his secret.

  Of such insolences and attempted slights, he, of course, took no
notice, and in the opinion of most people his frank debonnair
manner, his charming boyish smile, and the infinite grace of that
wonderful youth that seemed never to leave him, were in themselves a
sufficient answer to the calumnies, for so they termed them, that were
circulated about him. It was remarked, however, that some of those who
had been most intimate with him appeared, after a time, to shun him.
Women who had wildly adored him, and for his sake had braved all
social censure and set convention at defiance, were seen to grow
pallid with shame or horror if Dorian Gray entered the room.

  Yet these whispered scandals only increased in the eyes of many, his
strange and dangerous charm. His great wealth was a certain element of
security. Society, civilized society at least, is never very ready
to believe anything to the detriment of those who are both rich and
fascinating. It feels instinctively that manners are of more
importance than morals, and, in its opinion, the highest
respectability is of much less value than the possession of a good
chef. And, after all, it is a very poor consolation to be told that
the man who has given one a bad dinner, or poor wine, is
irreproachable in his private life. Even the cardinal virtues cannot
atone for half-cold entrees, as Lord Henry remarked once, in a
discussion on the subject; and there is possibly a good deal to be
said for his view. For the canons of good society are, or should be,
the same as the canons of art. Form is absolutely essential to it.
It should have the dignity of a ceremony, as well as its unreality,
and should combine the insincere character of a romantic play with the
wit and beauty that makes such plays delightful to us. Is
insincerity such a terrible thing? I think not. It is merely a
method by which we can multiply our personalities.

  Such, at any rate, was Dorian Gray's opinion. He used to wonder at
the shallow psychology of those who conceive the Ego in man as a thing
simple, permanent, reliable, and of one essence. To him, man was a
being with myriad lives and myriad sensations, a complex multiform
creature that bore within itself strange legacies of thought and
passion, and whose very flesh was tainted with the monstrous
maladies of the dead. He loved to stroll through the gaunt cold
picture-gallery of his country house and look at the various portraits
of those whose blood flowed in his veins. Here was Philip Herbert,
described by Francis Osborne, in his "Memoires on the Reigns of
Queen Elizabeth and King James," as one who was "caressed by the Court
for his handsome face, which kept him not long company." Was it
young Herbert's life that he sometimes led? Had some strange poisonous
germ crept from body to body till it had reached his own? Was it
some dim sense of that ruined grace that had made him so suddenly, and
almost without cause, give utterance, in Basil Hallward's studio, to
the mad prayer that had so changed his life? Here, in gold-embroidered
red doublet, jewelled surcoat, and gilt-edged ruff and wrist-bands,
stood Sir Anthony Sherard, with his silver-and-black armour piled at
his feet. What had this man's legacy been? Had the lover of Giovanna
of Naples bequeathed him some inheritance of sin and shame? Were his
own actions merely the dreams that the dead man had not dared to
realize? Here, from the fading canvas, smiled Lady Elizabeth Devereux,
in her gauze hood, pearl stomacher, and pink slashed sleeves. A flower
was in her right hand, and her left clasped an enamelled collar of
white and damask roses. On a table by her side lay a mandolin and an
apple. There were large green rosettes upon her little pointed
shoes. He knew her life, and the strange stories that were told
about her lovers. Had he something of her temperament in him? These
oval heavy-lidded eyes seemed to look curiously at him. What of George
Willoughby, with his powdered hair and fantastic patches? How evil
he looked! The face was saturnine and swarthy, and the sensual lips
seemed to be twisted with disdain. Delicate lace ruffles fell over the
lean yellow hands that were so overladen with rings. He had been a
macaroni of the eighteenth century, and the friend, in his youth, of
Lord Ferrars. What of the second Lord Beckenham, the companion of
the Prince Regent in his wildest days, and one of the witnesses at the
secret marriage with Mrs. Fitzherbert? How proud and handsome he
was, with his chestnut curls and insolent pose! What passions had he
bequeathed? The world had looked upon him as infamous. He had led
the orgies at Carlton House. The star of the Garter glittered upon his
breast. Beside him hung the portrait of his wife, a pallid,
thin-lipped woman in black. Her blood, also, stirred within him. How
curious it all seemed! And his mother with her Lady Hamilton face, and
her moist wine-dashed lips- he knew what he had got from her. He had
got from her his beauty, and his passion for the beauty of others. She
laughed at him in her loose Bacchante dress. There were vine leaves in
her hair. The purple spilled from the cup she was holding. The
carnations of the painting had withered, but the eyes were still
wonderful in their depth and brilliancy of colour. They seemed to
follow him wherever he went.

  Yet one had ancestors in literature, as well as in one's own race,
nearer perhaps in type and temperament, many of them, and certainly
with an influence of which one was more absolutely conscious. There
were times when it appeared to Dorian Gray that the whole of history
was merely the record of his own life, not as he had lived it in act
and circumstance, but as his imagination had created it for him, as it
had been in his brain and in his passions. He felt that he had known
them all, those strange terrible figures that had passed across the
stage of the world and made sin so marvellous and evil so full of
subtlety. It seemed to him that in some mysterious way their lives had
been his own.

  The hero of the wonderful novel that had so influenced his life
had himself known this curious fancy. In the seventh chapter he
tells how, crowned with laurel, lest lightning might strike him, he
had sat, as Tiberius, in a garden at Capri reading the shameful
books of Elephantis, while dwarfs and peacocks strutted round him
and the flute-player mocked the swagger of the censer, and, as
Caligula, had caroused with the green-shirted jockeys in their
stables, and supped in an ivory manger with a jewel-frontleted
horse; and, as Domitian, had wandered through a corridor lined with
marble mirrors, looking round with haggard eyes for the reflection
of the digger that was to end his days, and sick with that ennui, that
terrible taedium vitae, that comes on those to whom life denies
nothing: and had peered through a clear emerald at the red shambles of
the Circus, and then, in a litter of pearl and purple drawn by
silver-shod mules, been carried through the Street of Pomegranates
to a House of Gold, and heard men cry on Nero Caesar as he passed
by; and, as Elagabalus, had painted his face with colours, and plied
the distaff among the women, and brought the Moon from Carthage, and
given her in mystic marriage to the Sun.

  Over and over again Dorian used to read this fantastic chapter,
and the two chapters immediately following, in which, as in some
curious tapestries or cunningly-wrought enamels, were pictured the
awful and beautiful forms of those whom Vice and Blood and Weariness
had made monstrous or mad: Filippo, Duke of Milan, who slew his
wife, and painted her lips with a scarlet poison that her lover
might suck death from the dead thing he fondled; Pietro Barbi, the
Venetian, known as Paul the Second, who sought in his vanity to assume
the title of Formosus, and whose tiara, valued at two hundred thousand
florins, was bought at the price of a terrible sin; Gian Maria
Visconti, who used hounds to chase living men, and whose murdered body
was covered with roses by a harlot who had loved him; the Borgia on
his white horse, with Fratricide riding beside him, and his mantle
stained with the blood of Perotto; Pietro Riario, the young Cardinal
Archbishop of Florence, child and minion of Sixtus IV., whose beauty
was equalled only by his debauchery, and who received Leonora of
Aragon in a pavilion of white and crimson silk, filled with nymphs and
centaurs, and gilded a boy that he might serve at the feast as
Ganymede or Hylas; Ezzelin, whose melancholy could be cured only by
the spectacle of death, and who had a passion for red blood, as
other men have for red wine- the son of the Fiend, as was reported,
and one who had cheated his father at dice when gambling with him
for his own soul: Giambattista Cibo, who in mockery took the name of
Innocent, and into whose torpid veins the blood of three lads was
infused by a Jewish doctor; Sigismondo Malatesta, the lover of Isotta,
and the lord of Rimini, whose effigy was burned at Rome as the enemy
of God and man, who strangled Polyssena with a napkin, and gave poison
to Ginevra d'Este in a cup of emerald, and in honour of a shameful
passion built a pagan church for Christian worship; Charles VI., who
had so wildly adored his brother's wife that a leper had warned him of
the insanity that was coming on him, and who, when his brain had
sickened and grown strange, could only be soothed by Saracen cards
painted with the images of Love and Death and Madness; and, in his
trimmed jerkin and jewelled cap and acanthus-like curls, Grifonetto
Baglioni, who slew Astorre with his bride, and Simonetto with his
page, and whose comeliness was such that, as he lay dying in the
yellow piazza of Perugia, those who had hated him could not choose but
weep, and Atalanta, who had cursed him, blessed him.

  There was a horrible fascination in them all. He saw them at
night, and they troubled his imagination in the day. The Renaissance
knew of strange manners of poisoning- poisoning by a helmet and a
lighted torch, by an embroidered glove and a jewelled fan, by a gilded
pomander and by an amber chain. Dorian Gray had been poisoned by a
book. There were moments when he looked on evil simply as a mode
through which he could realize his conception of the beautiful.

                             CHAPTER XII

  It was on the ninth of November, the eve of his own thirty-eighth
birthday, as he often remembered afterwards.

  He was walking home about eleven o'clock from Lord Henry's, where he
had been dining, and was wrapped in heavy furs, as the night was
cold and foggy. At the corner of Grosvenor Square and South Audley
Street a man passed him in the mist, walking very fast, and with the
collar of his grey ulster turned up. He had a bag in his hand.
Dorian recognized him. It was Basil Hallward. A strange sense of fear,
for which he could not account, came over him. He made no sign of
recognition, and went on quickly, in the direction of his own house.

  But Hallward had seen him. Dorian heard him first stopping on the
pavement and then hurrying after him. In a few moments his hand was on
his arm.

  "Dorian! What an extraordinary piece of luck! I have been waiting
for you in your library ever since nine o'clock. Finally I took pity
on your tired servant, and told him to go to bed, as he let me out.
I am off to Paris by the midnight train, and I particularly wanted
to see you, before I left. I thought it was you, or rather your fur
coat, as you passed me. But I wasn't quite sure. Didn't you
recognize me?"

  "In this fog, my dear Basil? Why, I can't even recognize Grosvenor
Square, I believe my house is somewhere about here, but I don't feel
at all certain about it. I am sorry you are going away, as I have
not seen you for ages. But I suppose you will be back soon?"

  "No: I am going to be out of England for six months. I intend to
take a studio in Paris, and shut myself up till I have finished a
great picture I have in my head. However, it wasn't about myself I
wanted to talk. Here we are at your door. Let me come in for a moment.
I have something to say to you."

  "I shall be charmed. But won't you miss your train?" said Dorian
Gray, languidly, as he passed up the steps and opened the door with
his latch-key.

  The lamp-light struggled out through the fog, and Hallward looked at
his watch.

  "I have heaps of time," he answered. "The train doesn't go till
twelve-fifteen, and it is only just eleven. In fact, I was on my way
to the club to look for you, when I met you. You see, I sha'n't have
any delay about luggage, as I have sent on my heavy things. All I have
with me is in this bag, and I can easily get to Victoria in twenty
minutes."

  Dorian looked at him and smiled. "What a way for a fashionable
painter to travel! A Gladstone bag and an ulster! Come in, or the
fog will get into the house. And mind you don't talk about anything
serious. Nothing is serious nowadays. At least nothing should be."

  Hallward shook his head, as he entered, and followed Dorian into the
library. There was a bright wood fire blazing in the large open
hearth. The lamps were lit, and an open Dutch silver spirit-case
stood, with some siphons of soda-water and large cut-glass tumblers,
on a little marqueterie table.

  "You see your servant made me quite at home, Dorian. He gave me
everything I wanted, including your best gold-tipped cigarettes. He is
a most hospitable creature. I like him much better than the
Frenchman you used to have. What has become of the Frenchman, by the
bye?"

  Dorian shrugged his shoulders. "I believe he married Lady Radley's
maid, and has established her in Paris as an English dressmaker.
Anglomanie is very fashionable over there now, I hear. It seems
silly of the French, doesn't it? But- do you know?- he was not at
all a bad servant. I never liked him, but I had nothing to complain
about. One often imagines things that are quite absurd. He was
really very devoted to me, and seemed quite sorry when he went away.
Have another brandy-and-soda? Or would you like hock-and-seltzer? I
always take hock-and-seltzer myself. There is sure to be some in the
next room."

  "Thanks, I won't have anything more," said the painter, taking his
cap and coat off, and throwing them on the bag that he had placed in
the corner. "And now, my dear fellow, I want to speak to you
seriously. Don't frown like that. You make it so much more difficult
for me."

  "What is it all about?" cried Dorian, in his petulant way,
flinging himself down on the sofa. "I hope it is not about myself. I
am tired of myself to-night. I should like to be somebody else."

  "It is about yourself," answered Hallward, in his grave, deep voice,
"and I must say it to you. I shall only keep you half an hour."

  Dorian sighed, and lit a cigarette. "Half an hour!" he murmured.

  "It is not much to ask of you, Dorian, and it is entirely for your
own sake that I am speaking. I think it right that you should know
that the most dreadful things are being said against you in London."

   "I don't wish to know anything about them. I love scandals about
other people, but scandals about myself don't interest me. They have
not got the charm of novelty."

  "They must interest you, Dorian. Every gentleman is interested in
his good name. You don't want people to talk of you as something
vile and degraded. Of course you have your position, and your
wealth, and all that kind of thing. But position and wealth are not
everything. Mind you, I don't believe these rumours at all. At
least, I can't believe them when I see you. Sin is a thing that writes
itself across a man's face. It cannot be concealed. People talk
sometimes of secret vices. There are no such things. If a wretched man
has a vice, it shows itself in the lines of his mouth, the droop of
his eyelids, the moulding of his hands even. Somebody- I won't mention
his name, but you know him- came to me last year to have his
portrait done. I had never seen him before, and had never heard
anything about him at the time, though I have heard a good deal since.
He offered an extravagant price. I refused him. There was something in
the shape of his fingers that I hated. I know now that I was quite
right in what I fancied about him. His life is dreadful. But you,
Dorian, with your pure, bright, innocent face, and your marvellous
untroubled youth- I can't believe anything against you. And yet I
see you very seldom, and you never come down to the studio now, and
when I am away from you, and I hear all these hideous things that
people are whispering about you, I don't know what to say. Why is
it, Dorian, that a man like the Duke of Berwick leaves the room of a
club when you enter it? Why is it that so many gentlemen in London
will neither go to your house nor invite you to theirs? You used to be
a friend of Lord Staveley. I met him at dinner last week. Your name
happened to come up in conversation, in connection with the miniatures
you have lent to the exhibition at the Dudley. Staveley curled his
lip, and said that you might have the most artistic tastes, but that
you were a man whom no pure-minded girl should be allowed to know, and
whom no chaste woman would sit in the same room with. I reminded him
that I was a friend of yours, and asked him what he meant. He told me.
He told me right out before everybody. It was horrible! Why is your
friendship so fatal to young men? There was that wretched boy in the
Guards who committed suicide. You were his great friend. There was Sir
Henry Ashton, who had to leave England, with a tarnished name. You and
he were inseparable. What about Adrian Singleton, and his dreadful
end? What about Lord Kent's only son, and his career? I met his father
yesterday in St. James's Street. He seemed broken with shame and
sorrow. What about the young Duke of Perth? What sort of life has he
got now? What gentleman would associate with him?"

  "Stop, Basil. You are talking about things of which you know
nothing," said Dorian Gray, biting his lip, and with a note of
infinite contempt in his voice. "You ask me why Berwick leaves a
room when I enter it. It is because I know everything about his
life, not because he knows anything about mine. With such blood as
he has in his veins, how could his record be clean? You ask me about
Henry Ashton and young Perth. Did I teach the one his vices, and the
other his debauchery? If Kent's silly son takes his wife from the
streets, what is that to me? If Adrian Singleton writes his friend's
name across a bill, am I his keeper? I know how people chatter in
England. The middle classes air their moral prejudices over their
gross dinner-tables, and whisper about what they call the profligacies
of their betters in order to try and pretend that they are in smart
society, and on intimate terms with the people they slander. In this
country it is enough for a man to have distinction and brains for
every common tongue to wag against him. And what sort of lives do
these people, who pose as being moral, lead themselves? My dear
fellow, you forget that we are in the native land of the hypocrite."

  "Dorian," cried Hallward, "that is not the question. England is
bad enough I know, and English society is all wrong. That is the
reason why I want you to be fine. You have not been fine. One has a
right to judge of a man by the effect he has over his friends. Yours
seem to lose all sense of honour, of goodness, of purity. You have
filled them with a madness for pleasure. They have gone down into
the depths. You led them there. Yes: you led them there, and yet you
can smile, as you are smiling now. And there is worse behind. I,
know you and Harry are inseparable. Surely for that reason, if for
none other, you should not have made his sister's name a byword."

  "Take care, Basil. You go too far."

  "I must speak, and you must listen. You shall listen. When you met
Lady Gwendolyn, not a breath of scandal had ever touched her. Is there
a single decent woman in London now who would drive with her in the
Park? Why, even her children are not allowed to live with her. Then
there are other stories- stories that you have been seen creeping at
dawn out of dreadful houses and slinking in disguise into the
foulest dens in London. Are they true? Can they be true? When I
first heard them, I laughed. I hear them now, and they make me
shudder. What about your country house, and the life that is led
there? Dorian, you don't know what is said about you. I won't tell you
that I don't want to preach to you. I remember Harry saying once
that every man who turned himself into an amateur curate for the
moment always begin by saying that, and then proceeded to break his
word. I do want to preach to you. I want you to lead such a life as
will make the world respect you. I want you to have a clean name and a
fair record. I want you to get rid of the dreadful people you
associate with. Don't shrug your shoulders like that. Don't be so
indifferent. You have a wonderful influence. Let it be for good, not
for evil. They say that you corrupt every one with whom you become
intimate, and that it is quite sufficient for you to enter a house,
for shame of some kind to follow after. I don't know whether it is
or not. How should I know? But it is said of you. I am told things
that it seems impossible to doubt. Lord Gloucester was one of my
greatest friends at Oxford. He showed me a letter that his wife had
written to him when she was dying alone in her villa at Mentone.
Your name was implicated in the most terrible confession I ever
read. I told him that it was absurd- that I knew you thoroughly, and
that you were incapable of anything of the kind. Know you? I wonder do
I know you? Before I could answer that, I should have to see your
soul."

  "To see my soul!" muttered Dorian Gray, starting up from the sofa
and turning almost white from fear.

  "Yes," answered Hallward, gravely, and with deep-toned sorrow in his
voice, "to see your soul. But only God can do that."

  A bitter laugh of mockery broke from the lips of the younger man.
"You shall see it yourself, to-night!" he cried, seizing a lamp from
the table. "Come: it is your own handiwork. Why shouldn't you look
at it? You can tell the world all about it afterwards, if you
choose. Nobody would believe you. If they did believe you, they
would like me all the better for it. I know the age better than you
do, though you will prate about it so tediously. Come, I tell you. You
have chattered enough about corruption. Now you shall look on it
face to face."

  There was the madness of pride in every word he uttered. He
stamped his foot upon the ground in his boyish insolent manner. He
felt a terrible joy at the thought that some one else was to share his
secret, and that the man who had painted the portrait that was the
origin of all his shame was to be burdened for the rest of his life
with the hideous memory of what he had done.

  "Yes," he continued, coming closer to him, and looking steadfastly
into his stern eyes, "I shall show you my soul. You shall see the
thing that you fancy only God can see."

  Hallward started back. "This is blasphemy, Dorian!" he cried. "You
must not say things like that. They are horrible, and they don't
mean anything."

  "You think so?" he laughed again.

  "I know so. As for what I said to you to-night, I said it for your
good. You know I have always been a staunch friend to you."

  "Don't touch me. Finish what you have to say."

  A twisted flash of pain shot across the painter's face. He paused
for a moment, and a wild feeling of pity came over him. After all,
what right had he to pry into the life of Dorian Gray? If he had
done a tithe of what was rumoured about him, how much he must have
suffered! Then he straightened himself up, and walked over to the
fireplace, and stood there, looking at the burning logs with their
frost-like ashes and their throbbing cores of flame.

  "I am waiting, Basil," said the young man, in a hard, clear voice.

  He turned round. "What I have to say is this," he cried. "You must
give me some answer to these horrible charges that are made against
you. If you tell me that they are absolutely untrue from beginning
to end, I shall believe you. Deny them, Dorian, deny them! Can't you
see what I am going through? My God! don't tell me that you are bad,
and corrupt, and shameful."

  Dorian Gray smiled. There was a curl of contempt in his lips.
"Come upstairs, Basil," he said, quietly. "I keep a diary of my life
from day to day, and it never leaves the room in which it is
written. I shall show it to you if you come with me."

  "I shall come with you, Dorian, if you wish it. I see I have
missed my train. That makes no matter. I can go to-morrow. But don't
ask me to read anything to-night. All I want is a plain answer to my
question."

  "That shall be given to you upstairs. I could not give it here.
You will not have to read long."

                             CHAPTER XIII

  He passed out of the room and began the ascent, Basil Hallward
following close behind. They walked softly, as men do instinctively at
night. The lamp cast fantastic shadows on the wall and staircase. A
rising wind made some of the windows rattle.

  When they reached the top landing, Dorian set the lamp down on the
floor and taking out the key turned it in the lock. "You insist on
knowing, Basil?" he asked, in a low voice.

  "Yes."

  "I am delighted," he answered, smiling. Then he added, somewhat
harshly: "You are the one man in the world who is entitled to know
everything about me. You have had more to do with my life than you
think:" and, taking up the lamp, he opened the door and went in. A
cold current of air passed them, and the light shot up for a moment in
a flame of murky orange. He shuddered. "Shut the door behind you,"
he whispered, as he placed the lamp on the table.

  Hallward glanced around him, with a puzzled expression. The room
looked as if it had not been lived in for years. A faded Flemish
tapestry, a curtained picture, an old Italian cassone, and an almost
empty bookcase- that was all that it seemed to contain, besides a
chair and a table. As Dorian Gray was lighting a half-burned candle
that was standing on the mantelshelf he saw that the whole place was
covered with dust, and that the carpet was in holes. A mouse ran
scuffling behind the wainscoting. There was a damp odour of mildew.

  "So you think that it is only God who sees the soul, Basil? Draw
that curtain back, and you will see mine."

  The voice that spoke was cold and cruel. "You are mad, Dorian, or
playing a part," muttered Hallward, frowning.

  "You won't? Then I must do it myself," said the young man; and he
tore the curtain from its rod, and flung it on the ground.

  An exclamation of horror broke from the painter's lips as he saw
in the dim light the hideous face on the canvas grinning at him. There
was something in its expression that filled him with disgust and
loathing. Good heavens! it was Dorian Gray's own face that he was
looking at! The horror, whatever it was, had not yet entirely
spoiled that marvellous beauty. There was still some gold in the
thinning hair and some scarlet on the sensual mouth. The sodden eyes
had kept something of the loveliness of their blue, the noble curves
had not yet completely passed away from chiselled nostrils and from
plastic throat. Yes, it was Dorian himself. But who had done it? He
seemed to recognize his own brush-work, and the frame was his own
design. The idea was monstrous, yet he felt afraid. He seized the
lighted candle, and held it to the picture. In the left-hand corner
was his own name, traced in long letters of bright vermilion.

  It was some foul parody, some infamous, ignoble satire. He had never
done that. Still, it was his own picture. He knew it, and he felt as
if his blood had changed in a moment from fire to sluggish ice. His
own picture! What did it mean? Why had it altered? He turned, and
looked at Dorian Gray with the eyes of a sick man. His mouth twitched,
and his parched tongue seemed unable to articulate. He passed his hand
across his forehead. It was dank with clammy sweat.

  The young man was leaning against the mantelshelf, watching him with
that strange expression that one sees on the faces of those who are
absorbed in a play when some great artist is acting. There was neither
real sorrow in it nor real joy. There was simply the passion of the
spectator, with perhaps a flicker of triumph in his eyes. He had taken
the flower out of his coat, and was smelling it, or pretending to do
so.

  "What does this mean?" cried Hallward, at last. His own voice
sounded shrill and curious in his ears.

  "Years ago, when I was a boy," said Dorian Gray, crushing the flower
in his hand, "you met me, flattered me, and taught me to be vain of my
good looks. One day you introduced me to a friend of yours, who
explained to me the wonder of youth, and you finished a portrait of me
that revealed to me the wonder of beauty. In a mad moment, that,
even now, I don't know whether I regret or not, I made a wish, perhaps
you would call it a prayer...."

  "I remember it! Oh, how well I remember it! No! the thing is
impossible. The room is damp. Mildew has got into the canvas. The
paints I used had some wretched mineral poison in them. I tell you the
thing is impossible."

  "Ah, what is impossible?" murmured the young man, going over to
the window, and leaning his forehead against the cold, mist-stained
glass.

  "You told me you had destroyed it."

  "I was wrong. It has destroyed me."

  "I don't believe it is my picture."

  "Can't you see your ideal in it?" said Dorian, bitterly.

  "My ideal, as you call it...."

  "As you called it."

  "There was nothing evil in it, nothing shameful. You were to me such
an ideal as I shall never meet again. This is the face of a satyr."

  "Is it the face of my soul."

  "Christ! what a thing I must have worshipped! It has the eyes of a
devil."

  "Each of us has Heaven and Hell in him, Basil," cried Dorian, with a
wild gesture of despair.

  Hallward turned again to the portrait, and gazed at it. "My God!
if it is true," he exclaimed, "and this is what you have done with
your life, why, you must be worse even than those who talk against you
fancy you to be!" He held the light up again to the canvas, and
examined it. The surface seemed to be quite undisturbed, and as he had
left it. It was from within, apparently, that the foulness and
horror had come. Through some strange quickening of inner life the
leprosies of sin were slowly eating the thing away. The rotting of a
corpse in a watery grave was not so fearful.

  His hand shook, and the candle fell from its socket on the floor,
and lay there sputtering. He placed his foot on it and put it out.
Then he flung himself into the rickety chair that was standing by
the table and buried his face in his hands.

  "Good God, Dorian, what a lesson! What an awful lesson!" There was
no answer, but he could hear the young man sobbing at the window.
"Pray, Dorian, pray," he murmured. "What is it that one was taught
to say in one's boyhood? 'Lead us not into temptation. Forgive us
our sins. Wash away our iniquities.' Let us say that together. The
prayer of your pride has been answered. The prayer of your
repentance will be answered also. I worshipped you too much. I am
punished for it. You worshipped yourself too. We are both punished."

  Dorian Gray turned slowly around, and looked at him with tear-dimmed
eyes. "It is too late, Basil," he faltered.

  "It is never too late, Dorian. Let us kneel down and try if we
cannot remember a prayer. Isn't there a verse somewhere, 'Though
your sins be as scarlet, yet I will make them as white as snow'?"

  "Those words mean nothing to me now."

  "Hush! don't say that. You have done enough evil in your life. My
God! Don't you see that accursed thing leering at us?"

  Dorian Gray glanced at the picture, and suddenly an uncontrollable
feeling of hatred for Basil Hallward came over him, as though it had
been suggested to him by the image on the canvas, whispered into his
ear by those grinning lips. The mad passions of a hunted animal
stirred within him, and he loathed the man who was seated at the
table, more than in his whole life he had ever loathed anything. He
glanced wildly around. Something glimmered on the top of the painted
chest that faced him. His eye fell on it. He knew what it was. It
was a knife that he had brought up, some days before, to cut a piece
of cord, and had forgotten to take away with him. He moved slowly
towards it, passing Hallward as he did so. As soon as he got behind
him, he seized it, and turned round. Hallward stirred in his chair
as if he was going to rise. He rushed at him, and dug the knife into
the great vein that is behind the ear, crushing the man's head down on
the table, and stabbing again and again.

  There was a stifled groan, and the horrible sound of some one
choking with blood. Three times the outstretched arms shot up
convulsively, waving grotesque stiff-fingered hands in the air. He
stabbed him twice more, but the man did not move. Something began to
trickle on the floor. He waited for a moment, still pressing the
head down. Then he threw the knife on the table, and listened.

  He could hear nothing, but the drip, drip on the threadbare
carpet. He opened the door and went out on the landing. The house
was absolutely quiet. No one was about. For a few seconds he stood
bending over the balustrade, and peering down into the black
seething well of darkness. Then he took out the key and returned to
the room, locking himself in as he did so.

  The thing was still seated in the chair, straining over the table
with bowed head, and humped back, and long fantastic arms. Had it
not been for the red, jagged tear in the neck, and the clotted black
pool that was slowly widening on the table, one would have said that
the man was simply asleep.

  How quickly it had all been done! He felt strangely calm, and,
walking over to the window, opened it and stepped out on the
balcony. The wind had blown the fog away, and the sky was like a
monstrous peacock's tail, starred with myriads of golden eyes. He
looked down, and saw the policeman going his rounds and flashing the
long beam of his lantern on the doors of the silent houses. The
crimson spot of a prowling hansom gleamed at the corner, and then
vanished. A woman in a fluttering shawl was creeping slowly by the
railings, staggering as she went. Now and then she  stopped, and
peered back. Once, she began to sing in a hoarse voice. The
policeman strolled over and said something to her. She stumbled
away, laughing. A bitter blast swept across the Square. The gas
lamps flickered, and became blue, and the leafless trees shook their
black iron branches to and fro. He shivered, and went back, closing
the window behind him.

  Having reached the door, he turned the key, and opened it. He did
not even glance at the murdered man. He felt that the secret of the
whole thing was not to realize the situation. The friend who had
painted the fatal portrait to which all his misery had been due, had
gone out of his life. That was enough.

  Then he remembered the lamp. It was a rather curious one of
Moorish workmanship, made of dull silver inlaid with arabesques of
burnished steel, and studded with coarse turquoises. Perhaps it
might be missed by his servant, and questions would be asked. He
hesitated for a moment, then he turned back and took it from the
table. He could not help seeing the dead thing. How still it was!
How horribly white the long hands looked! It was like a dreadful wax
image.

  Having locked the door behind him, he crept quietly downstairs.
The woodwork creaked, and seemed to cry out as if in pain. He
stopped several times, and waited. No: everything was still. It was
merely. the sound of his own footsteps.

  When he reached the library, he saw the bag and coat in the
corner. They must be hidden away somewhere. He unlocked a secret press
that was in the wainscoting, a press in which he kept his own
curious disguises, and put them into it. He could easily burn them
afterwards. Then he pulled out his watch. It was twenty minutes to
two.

  He sat down and began to think. Every year- every month, almost- men
were strangled in England for what he had done. There had been a
madness of murder in the air. Some red star had come too close to
the earth.... And yet what evidence was there against him? Basil
Hallward had left the house at eleven. No one had seen him come in
again. Most of the servants were at Selby Royal. His valet had gone to
bed.... Paris? Yes. It was to Paris that Basil had gone, and by the
midnight train, as he had intended. With his curious reserved
habits, it would be months before any suspicions would be aroused.
Months! Everything could be destroyed long before then.

  A sudden thought struck him. He put on his fur coat and hat, and
went out into the hall. There he paused, hearing the slow, heavy tread
of the policeman on the pavement outside, and seeing the flash of
the bull's-eye reflected in the window. He waited, and held his
breath.

  After a few moments he drew back the latch, and slipped out,
shutting the door very gently behind him. Then he began ringing, the
bell. In about five minutes his valet appeared, half dressed, and
looking very drowsy.

  "I am sorry to have had to wake you up, Francis," he said,
stepping in; "but I had forgotten my latchkey. What time is it?"

  "Ten minutes past two, sir," answered the man, looking at the
clock and blinking.

  "Ten minutes past two? How horribly late! You must wake me at nine
to-morrow. I have some work to do."

  "All right, sir."

  "Did any one call this evening?"

  "Mr. Hallward, sir. He stayed here till eleven, and then he went
away to catch his train."

  "Oh! I am sorry I didn't see him. Did he leave any message?"

  "No, sir, except that he would write to you from Paris, if he did
not find you at the club."

  "That will do, Francis. Don't forget to call me at nine to-morrow."

  "No, sir."

  The man shambled down the passage in his slippers.

  Dorian Gray threw his hat and coat upon the table, and passed into
the library. For a quarter of an hour he walked up and down the room
biting his lip, and thinking. Then he took down the Blue Book from one
of the shelves, and began to turn over the leaves. "Alan Campbell,
152, Hertford Street, Mayfair." Yes; that was the man he wanted.

                             CHAPTER XIV

  At nine o'clock the next morning his servant came in with a cup of
chocolate on a tray, and opened the shutters. Dorian was sleeping
quite peacefully, lying on his right side, with one hand underneath
his cheek. He looked like a boy who had been tired out with play, or
study.

  The man had to touch him twice on the shoulder before he woke, and
as he opened his eyes a faint smile passed across his lips, as
though he had been lost in some delightful dream. Yet he had not
dreamed at all. His night had been untroubled by any images of
pleasure or of pain. But youth smiles without any reason. It is one of
its chiefest charms.

  He turned round, and, leaning upon his elbow, began to sip his
chocolate. The mellow November sun came streaming into the room. The
sky was bright, and there was a genial warmth in the air. It was
almost like a morning in May.

  Gradually the events of the preceding night crept with silent
bloodstained feet into his brain and reconstructed themselves there
with terrible distinctness. He winced at the memory of all that he had
suffered, and for a moment the same curious feeling of loathing for
Basil Hallward, that had made him kill him as he sat in the chair,
came back to him, and he grew cold with passion. The dead man was
still sitting there, too, and in the sunlight now. How horrible that
was! Such hideous things were for the darkness, not for the day.

  He felt that if he brooded on what he had gone through he would
sicken or grow mad. There were sins whose fascination was more in
the memory than in the doing of them, strange triumphs that
gratified the pride more than the passions, and gave to the
intellect a quickened sense of joy, greater than a joy they brought,
or could ever bring, to the senses. But this was not one of them. It
was a thing to be driven out of the mind, to be drugged with
poppies, to be strangled lest it might strangle one itself.

  When the half-hour struck, he passed his hand across his forehead,
and then got up hastily, and dressed himself with even more than his
usual care, giving a good deal of attention to the choice of his
necktie and scarf-pin, and changing his rings more than once. He spent
a long time also over breakfast, tasting the various dishes, talking
to his valet about some new liveries that he was thinking of getting
made for the servants at Selby, and going through his
correspondence. At some of the letters he smiled. Three of them
bored him. One he read several times over, and then tore up with a
slight look of annoyance in his face. "That awful thing, a woman's
memory!" as Lord Henry had once said.

  After he had drunk his cup of black coffee, he wiped his lips slowly
with a napkin, motioned to his servant to wait, and going over to
the table sat down and wrote two letters. One he put in his pocket,
the other he handed to the valet.

  "Take this round to 152, Hertford Street, Francis, and if Mr.
Campbell is out of town, get his address."

  As soon as he was alone, he lit a cigarette, and began sketching
upon a piece of paper, drawing first flowers, and bits of
architecture, and then human faces. Suddenly he remarked that every
face that he drew seemed to have a fantastic likeness to Basil
Hallward. He frowned, and getting up, went over to the bookcase and
took out a volume at hazard. He was determined that he would not think
about what had happened until it became absolutely necessary that he
should do so.

  When he had stretched himself on the sofa, he looked at the
title-page of the book. It was Gautier's "Emaux et Camees,"
Charpentier's Japanese-paper edition, with the Jacquemart etching. The
binding was of citron-green leather, with a design of gilt
trellis-work and dotted pomegranates. It had been given to him by
Adrian Singleton. As he turned over the pages his eye fell on the poem
about the hand of Lacenaire, the cold yellow hand "du supplice
encore mal lavee," with its downy red hairs and its "doigts de faune."
He glanced at his own white taper fingers, shuddering slightly in
spite of himself, and passed on, till he came to those lovely
stanzas upon Venice;

              "Sur une gamme chromatique,

                Le sein de perles ruisselant,

              La Venus de l'Adriatique

                Sort de l'eau son corps rose et blanc.

              Les domes, sur l'azur des ondes

                Suivant la phrase au pur contour,

              S'enflent comme des gorges rondes

                Que souleve un soupir d'amour.

              L'esquif aborde et me depose,

                Jetant son amarre au pilier,

              Devant une facade rose,

                Sur le marbre d'un escalier."

  How exquisite they were! As one read them, one seemed to be floating
down the green waterways of the pink and pearl city, seated in a black
gondola with silver prow and trailing curtains. The mere lines
looked to him like those straight lines of turquoise-blue that
follow one as one pushes out to the Lido. The sudden flashes of colour
reminded him of the gleam of the opal-and-iris-throated birds that
flutter round the tall honey-combed Campanile, or stalk, with such
stately grace, through the dim, dust-stained arcades. Leaning back
with half-closed eyes, he kept saying over and over to himself:

              "Devant une facade rose,

                Sur le marbre d'un escalier."

  The whole of Venice was in those two lines. He remembered the autumn
that he had passed there, and a wonderful love that had stirred him to
mad, delightful follies. There was romance in every place. But Venice,
like Oxford, had kept the background for romance, and, to the true
romantic, background was everything, or almost everything. Basil had
been with him part of the time, and had gone wild over Tintoret.
Poor Basil! what a horrible way for a man to die!

  He sighed, and took up the volume again, and tried to forget. He
read of the swallows that fly in and out of the little cafe at
Smyrna where the Hadjis sit counting their amber beads and the
turbaned merchants smoke their long tasselled pipes and talk gravely
to each other; he read of the Obelisk in the Place de la Concorde that
weeps tears of granite in its lonely sunless exile, and longs to be
back by the hot lotus-covered Nile, where there are Sphinxes, and
rose-red ibises, and white vultures with gilded claws, and crocodiles,
with small beryl eyes, that crawl over the green steaming mud; he
began to brood over those verses which, drawing music from
kiss-stained marble, tell of that curious statue that Gautier compares
to a contralto voice, the "monstre charmant" that couches in the
porphyry-room of the Louvre. But after a time the book fell from his
hand. He grew nervous, and a horrible fit of terror came over him.
What if Alan Campbell should be out of England? Days would elapse
before he could come back. Perhaps he might refuse to come. What could
he do then? Every moment was of vital importance.

  They had been great friends once, five years before- almost
inseparable, indeed. Then the intimacy had come suddenly to an end.
When they met in society now, it was only Dorian Gray who smiled; Alan
Campbell never did.

  He was an extremely clever young man, though he had no real
appreciation of the visible arts, and whatever little sense of the
beauty of poetry he possessed he had gained entirely from Dorian.
His dominant intellectual passion was for science. At Cambridge he had
spent a great deal of his time working in the Laboratory, and had
taken a good class in the Natural Science Tripos of his year.
Indeed, he was still devoted to the study of chemistry, and had a
laboratory of his own, in which he used to shut himself up all day
long, greatly to the annoyance of his mother, who had set her heart on
his standing for parliament and had a vague idea that a chemist was
a person who made up prescriptions. He was an excellent musician,
however, as well, and played both the violin and the piano better than
most amateurs. In fact, it was music that had first brought him and
Dorian Gray together- music and that indefinable attraction that
Dorian seemed to be able to exercise whenever he wished, and indeed
exercised often without being conscious of it. They had met at Lady
Berkshire's the night that Rubinstein played there, and after that
used to be always seen together at the Opera, and wherever good
music was going on. For eighteen months their intimacy lasted.
Campbell was always either at Selby Royal or in Grosvenor Square. To
him, as to many others, Dorian Dorian Gray was the type of
everything that is wonderful and fascinating in life. Whether or not a
quarrel had taken place between them no one ever knew. But suddenly
people remarked that they scarcely spoke when they met, and that
Campbell seemed always to go away early from any party at which Dorian
Gray was present. He had changed, too- was strangely melancholy at
times, appeared almost to dislike hearing music, and would never
himself play, giving as his excuse, when he was called upon, that he
was so absorbed in science that he had no time left in which to
practise. And this was certainly true. Every day he seemed to become
more interested in biology, and his name appeared once or twice in
some of the scientific reviews, in connection with certain curious
experiments.

  This was the man Dorian Gray was waiting for. Every second he kept
glancing at the clock. As the minutes went by he became horribly
agitated. At last he got up, and began to pace up and down the room,
looking like a beautiful caged thing. He took long stealthy strides.
His hands were curiously cold.

  The suspense became unbearable. Time seemed to him to be crawling
with feet of lead, while he by monstrous winds was being swept towards
the jagged edge of some black cleft of precipice. He knew what was
waiting for him there; saw it indeed, and, shuddering, crushed with
dank hands his burning lids as though he would have robbed the very
brain of sight, and driven the eyeballs back into their cave. It was
useless. The brain had its own food on which it battened, and the
imagination, made grotesque by terror, twisted and distorted as a
living thing by pain, danced like some foul puppet on a stand, and
grinned through moving masks. Then, suddenly, Time stopped for him.
Yes: that blind, slow-breathing thing crawled no more, and horrible
thoughts, Time being dead, raced nimbly on in front, and dragged a
hideous future from its grave, and showed it to him. He stared at
it. Its very horror made him stone.

  At last the door opened, and his servant entered. He turned glazed
eyes upon him.

  "Mr. Campbell, sir," said the man.

  A sigh of relief broke from his parched lips, and the colour came
back to his cheeks.

  "Ask him to come in at once, Francis." He felt that he was himself
again. His mood of cowardice had passed away.

  The man bowed, and retired. In a few moments Alan Campbell walked
in, looking very stern and rather pale, his pallor being intensified
by his coal-black hair and dark eyebrows.

  "Alan! this is kind of you. I thank you for coming."

  "I had intended never to enter your house again, Gray. But you
said it was a matter of life and death." His voice was hard and
cold. He spoke with slow deliberation. There was a look of contempt in
the steady searching gaze that he turned on Dorian. He kept his
hands in the pockets of his Astrakhan coat, and seemed not to have
noticed the gesture with which he had been greeted.

  "Yes: it is a matter of life and death, Alan, and to more than one
person. Sit down."

  Campbell took a chair by the table, and Dorian sat opposite to
him. The two men's eyes met. In Dorian's there was infinite pity. He
knew that what he was going to do was dreadful.

  After a strained moment of silence, he leaned across and said,
very quietly, but watching the effect of each word upon the face of
him he had sent for, "Alan, in a locked room at the top of this house,
a room to which nobody but myself has access, a dead man is seated
at a table. He has been dead ten hours now. Don't stir, and don't look
at me like that. Who the man is, why he died, how he died, are matters
that do not concern you. What you have to do is this-"

  "Stop, Gray. I don't want to know anything further. Whether what you
have told me is true or not true, doesn't concern me. I entirely
decline to be mixed up in your life. Keep your horrible secrets to
yourself. They don't interest me any more."

  "Alan, they will have to interest you. This one will have to
interest you. I am awfully sorry for you, Alan. But I can't help
myself. You are the one mark who is able to save me. I am forced to
bring you into the matter. I have no option. Alan, you are scientific.
You know about chemistry, and things of that kind. You have made
experiments. What you have got to do is to destroy the thing that is
upstairs- to destroy it so that not a vestige of it will be left.
Nobody saw this person come into the house. Indeed, at the present
moment he is supposed to be in Paris. He will not be missed for
months. When he is missed, there must be no trace of him found here.
You, Alan, you must change him, and everything that belongs to him,
into a handful of ashes that I may scatter in the air."

  "You are mad, Dorian."

  "Ah! I was waiting for you to call me Dorian."

  "You are mad, I tell you- mad to imagine that I would raise a finger
to help you, mad to make this monstrous confession. I will have
nothing to do with this matter, whatever it is. Do you think I am
going to peril my reputation for you? What is it to me what devil's
work you are up to?"

  "It was suicide, Alan."

  "I am glad of that. But who drove him to it? You, I should fancy."

  "Do you still refuse to do this for me?"

  "Of course I refuse. I will have absolutely nothing to do with it. I
don't care what shame comes on you. You deserve it all. I should not
be sorry to see you disgraced, publicly disgraced. How dare you ask
me, of all men in the world, to mix myself up in this horror? I should
have thought you knew more about people's characters. Your friend Lord
Henry Wotton can't have taught you much about psychology, whatever
else he has taught you. Nothing will induce me to stir a step to
help you. You have come to the wrong man. Go to some of your
friends. Don't come to me."

  "Alan, it was murder. I killed him. You don't know what he had
made me suffer. Whatever my life is, he had more to do with the making
or marring of it than poor Harry has had. He may not have intended it,
the result was he same."

  "Murder! Good God, Dorian, is that what you have come to? I shall
not inform upon you. It is not my business. Besides, without my
stirring in the matter, you are certain to be arrested. Nobody ever
commits a crime without doing something stupid. But I will have
nothing to do with it."

  "You must have something to do with it. Wait, wait a moment;
listen to me. Only listen, Alan. All I ask of you is to perform a
certain scientific experiment. You go to hospitals and dead-houses,
and the horrors that you do there don't affect you. If in some hideous
dissecting-room or fetid laboratory you found this man lying on a
leaden table with red gutters scooped out in it for the blood to
flow through you would simply look upon him as an admirable subject.
You would not turn a hair. You would not believe that you were doing
anything wrong. On the contrary, you would probably feel that you were
benefiting the human race, or increasing the sum of knowledge in the
world, or gratifying intellectual curiosity, or something of that
kind. What I want you to do is merely what you have often done before.
Indeed, to destroy a body must be far less horrible than what you
are accustomed to work at. And, remember, it is the only piece of
evidence against me. If it is discovered, I am lost; and it is sure to
be discovered unless you help me."

  "I have no desire to help you. You forget that. I am simply
indifferent to the whole thing. It has nothing to do with me."

  "Alan, I entreat you. Think of the position I am in. Just before you
came I almost fainted with terror. You may know terror yourself some
day. No! don't think of that. Look at the matter purely from the
scientific point of view. You don't inquire where the dead things on
which you experiment come from. Don't inquire now. I have told you too
much as it is. But I beg of you to do this. We were friends once,
Alan."

  "Don't speak about those days, Dorian: they are dead."

  "The dead linger sometimes. The man upstairs will not go away. He is
sitting at the table with bowed head and outstretched arms. Alan!
Alan! if you don't come to my assistance I am ruined. Why, they will
hang me, Alan! Don't you understand? They will hang me for what I have
done."

  "There is no good in prolonging this scene. I absolutely refuse to
do anything in the matter. It is insane of you to ask me."

  "You refuse?"

  "Yes."

  "I entreat you, Alan."

  "It is useless."

  The same look of pity came into Dorian Gray's eyes. Then he
stretched out his hand, took a piece of paper, and wrote something
on it. He read it over twice, folded it carefully, and pushed it
across the table. Having done this, he got up, and went over to the
window.

  Campbell looked at him in surprise, and then took up the paper,
and opened it. As he read it, his face became ghastly pale, and he
fell back in his chair. A horrible sense of sickness came over him. He
felt as if his heart was beating itself to death in some empty hollow.

  After two or three minutes of terrible silence, Dorian turned round,
and came and stood behind him, putting his hand upon his shoulder.

  "I am so sorry for you, Alan," he murmured, "but you leave me no
alternative. I have a letter written already. Here it is. You see
the address. If you don't help me, I must send it. If you don't help
me, I will send it. You know what the result will be. But you are
going to help me. It is impossible for you to refuse now. I tried to
spare you. You will do me the justice to admit that. You were stern,
harsh, offensive. You treated me as no man has ever dared to treat me-
no living man, at any rate. I bore it all. Now it is for me to dictate
terms."

  Campbell buried his face in his hands, and a shudder passed
through him.

  "Yes, it is my turn to dictate terms, Alan. You know what they
are. The thing is quite simple. Come, don't work yourself into this
fever. The thing has to be done. Face it, and do it."

  A groan broke from Campbell's lips, and he shivered all over. The
ticking of the clock on the mantel-piece seemed to him to be
dividing time into separate atoms of agony, each of which was too
terrible to be borne. He felt as if an iron ring was being slowly
tightened round his forehead, as if the disgrace with which he was
threatened had already come upon him. The hand upon his shoulder
weighed like a band of lead. It was intolerable. It seemed to crush
him.

  "Come, Alan, you must decide at once."

  "I cannot do it," he said mechanically, as though words could
alter things.

  "You must. You have no choice. Don't delay."

  He hesitated a moment. "Is there a fire in the room upstairs?"

  "Yes, there is a gas-fire with asbestos."

  "I shall have to go home and get some things from the laboratory."

  "No, Alan, you must not leave the house. Write out on a sheet of
notepaper what you want, and my servant will take a cab and bring
the things back to you."

  Campbell scrawled a few lines, blotted them, and addressed an
envelope to his assistant. Dorian took the note up and read it
carefully. Then he rang the bell, and gave it to his valet, with
orders to return as soon as possible, and to bring the things with
him.

  As the hall door shut, Campbell started nervously, and, having got
up from the chair, went over to the chimney-piece. He was shivering
with a kind of ague. For nearly twenty minutes, neither of the men
spoke. A fly buzzed noisily about the room, and the ticking of the
clock was like the beat of a hammer.

  As the chime struck one, Campbell turned round, and, looking at
Dorian Gray, saw that his eyes were filled with tears. There was
something in the purity and refinement of that sad face that seemed to
enrage him. "You are infamous, absolutely infamous!" he muttered.

  "Hush, Alan: you have saved my life," said Dorian.

  "Your life? Good heavens! what a life that is. You have gone from
corruption to corruption, and you have culminated in crime. In doing
what I am going to do, what you force me to do, it is not of your life
that I am thinking."

  "Ah, Alan," murmured Dorian, with a sigh, "I wish you had a
thousandth part of the pity for me that I have for you." He turned
away as he spoke, and stood looking out at the garden. Campbell made
no answer.

  After about ten minutes a knock came to the door, and the servant
entered, carrying a large mahogany chest of chemicals, with a long
coil of steel and platinum wire and two rather curiously-shaped iron
clamps.

  "Shall I leave the things here, sir?" he asked Campbell.

  "Yes," said Dorian. "And I am afraid, Francis, that I have another
errand for you. What is the name of the man at Richmond who supplies
Selby with orchids?"

  "Harden, sir."

  "Yes- Harden. You must go down to Richmond at once, see Harden
personally, and tell him to send twice as many orchids as I ordered,
and to have as few white ones as possible. In fact, I don't want any
white ones. It is a lovely day, Francis, and Richmond is a very pretty
place, otherwise I wouldn't bother you about it."

  "No trouble, sir. At what time shall I be back?"

  Dorian looked at Campbell. "How long will your experiment take,
Alan?" he said, in a calm, indifferent voice. The presence of a
third person in the room seemed to give him extraordinary courage.

  Campbell frowned, and bit his lip. "It will take about five
hours," he answered.

  "It will be time enough, then, if you are back at half-past seven,
Francis. Or stay: just leave my things out for dressing. You can
have the evening to yourself. I am not dining at home, so I shall
not want you."

  "Thank you, sir," said the man, leaving the room.

  "Now, Alan, there is not a moment to be lost. How heavy this chest
is! I'll take it for you. You bring the other things." He spoke
rapidly, and in an authoritative manner. Campbell felt dominated by
him. They left the room together.

  When they reached the top landing, Dorian took out the key and
turned it in the lock. Then he stopped, and a troubled look came
into his eyes. He shuddered. "I don't think I can go in, Alan," he
murmured.

  "It is nothing to me. I don't require you," said Campbell, coldly.

  Dorian half opened the door. As he did so, he saw the face of his
portrait leering in the sunlight. On the floor in front of it the torn
curtain was lying. He remembered that the night before he had
forgotten, for the first time in his life, to hide the fatal canvas,
and was about to rush forward, when he drew back with a shudder.

  What was that loathsome red dew that gleamed, wet and glistening, on
one of the hands, as though the canvas had sweated blood? How horrible
it was!- more horrible, it seemed to him for the moment, than the
silent thing he knew was stretched across the table, the thing whose
grotesque misshapen shadow, on the spotted carpet showed him that it
had not stirred, but was still there, as he had left it.

  He heaved a deep breath, opened the door a little wider, and with
half-closed eyes and averted head walked quickly in, determined that
he would not look even once upon the dead man. Then, stooping down,
and taking up the gold-and-purple hanging, he flung it right over
the picture.

  There he stopped, feeling afraid to turn round, and his eyes fixed
themselves on the intricacies of the pattern before him. He heard
Campbell bringing in the heavy chest, and the irons, and the other
things that he had required for his dreadful work. He began to
wonder if he and Basil Hallward had ever met, and, if so, what they
had thought of each other.

  "Leave me now," said a stern voice behind him.

  He turned and hurried out, just conscious that the dead man had been
thrust back into the chair, and that Campbell was gazing into a
glistening yellow face. As he was going downstairs he heard the key
being turned in the lock.

  It was long after seven when Campbell came back into the library. He
was pale, but absolutely calm. "I have done what you asked me to
do," he muttered. "And now, good-bye. Let us never see each other
again."

  "You have saved me from ruin, Alan. I cannot forget that," said
Dorian, simply.

  As soon as Campbell had left, he went upstairs. There was a horrible
smell of nitric acid in the room. But the thing that had been
sitting at the table was gone.

                              CHAPTER XV

  That evening, at eight-thirty, exquisitely dressed, and wearing a
large button-hole of Parma violets, Dorian Gray was ushered into
Lady Narborough's drawing-room by bowing servants. His forehead was
throbbing with maddened nerves, and he felt wildly excited, but his
manner as he bent over his hostess's hand was as easy and graceful
as ever. Perhaps one never seems so much at one's ease as when one has
to play a part. Certainly no one looking at Dorian Gray that night
could have believed that he had passed through a tragedy as horrible
as any tragedy of our age. Those finely-shaped fingers could never
have clutched a knife of sin, nor those smiling lips have cried out on
God and goodness. He himself could not help wondering at the calm of
his demeanour, and for a moment felt keenly the terrible pleasure of a
double life.

  It was a small party, got up rather in a hurry by Lady Narborough,
who was a very clever woman, with what Lord Henry used to describe
as the remains of really remarkable ugliness. She had proved an
excellent wife to one of our most tedious ambassadors, and having
buried her husband properly in a marble mausoleum, which she had
herself designed, and married off her daughters to some rich, rather
elderly men, she devoted herself now to the pleasures of French
fiction, French cookery, and French esprit when she could get it.

  Dorian was one of her especial favourites, and she always told him
that she was extremely glad she had not met him in early life. "I
know, my dear, I should have fallen madly in love with you," she
used to say, "and thrown my bonnet right over the mills for your sake.
It is most fortunate that you were not thought of at the time. As it
was, our bonnets were so unbecoming, and the mills were so occupied in
trying to raise the wind, that I never had even a flirtation with
anybody. However, that was all Narborough's fault. He was dreadfully
short-sighted, and there is no pleasure in taking in a husband who
never sees anything."

  Her guests this evening were rather tedious. The fact was, as she
explained to Dorian, behind a very shabby fan, one of her married
daughters had come up quite suddenly to stay with her, and, to make
matters worse, had actually brought her husband with her. "I think
it is most unkind of her, my dear," she whispered. "Of course I go and
stay with them every summer after I come from Homburg, but then an old
woman like me must have fresh air sometimes, and besides, I really
wake them up. You don't know what an existence they lead down there.
It is pure unadulterated country life. They get up early, because they
have so much to do, and go to bed early because they have so little to
think about. There has not been a scandal in the neighbourhood since
the time of Queen Elizabeth, and consequently they all fall asleep
after dinner. You sha'n't sit next either of them. You shall sit by
me, and amuse me."

  Dorian murmured a graceful compliment, and looked round the room.
Yes: it was certainly a tedious party. Two of the people he had
never seen before, and the others consisted of Ernest Harrowden, one
of those middle-aged mediocrities so common in London clubs who have
no enemies, but are thoroughly disliked by their friends; Lady Roxton,
an overdressed woman of forty-seven, with a hooked nose, who was
always trying to get herself compromised, but was so peculiarly
plain that to her great disappointment no one would ever believe
anything against her; Mrs. Erlynne, a pushing nobody, with a
delightful lisp, and Venetian-red hair; Lady Alice Chapman, his
hostess's daughter, a dowdy dull girl, with one of those
characteristic British faces, that, once seen are never remembered;
and her husband, a red-cheeked, white-whiskered creature who, like
so many of his class, was under the impression that inordinate
joviality can atone for an entire lack of ideas.

  He was rather sorry he had come, till Lady Narborough, looking at
the great ormolu gilt clock that sprawled in gaudy curves on the
mauve-draped mantelshelf, exclaimed: "How horrid of Henry Wotton to be
so late! I sent round to him this morning on chance, and he promised
faithfully not to disappoint me."

  It was some consolation that Harry was to be there, and when the
door opened and he heard his slow musical voice lending charm to
some insincere apology, he ceased to feel bored.

  But at dinner he could not eat anything. Plate after plate went away
untasted. Lady Narborough kept scolding him for what she called "an
insult to poor Adolphe, who invented the menu specially for you,"
and now and then Lord Henry looked across at him, wondering at his
silence and abstracted manner. From time to time the butler filled his
glass with champagne. He drank eagerly, and his thirst seemed to
increase.

  "Dorian," said Lord Henry, at last, as the chaudfroid was being
handed round, "what is the matter with you to-night? You are quite out
of sorts."

  "I believe he is in love," cried Lady Narborough, "and that he is
afraid to tell me for fear I should be jealous. He is quite right. I
certainly should."

  "Dear Lady Narborough," murmured Dorian, smiling, "I have not been
in love for a whole week- not, in fact, since Madame de Ferrol left
town."

  "How you men can fall in love with that woman!" exclaimed the old
lady. "I really cannot understand it."

  "It is simply because she remembers you when you were a little girl,
Lady Narborough," said Lord Henry. "She is the one link between us and
your short frocks."

  "She does not remember my short frocks at all, Lord Henry. But I
remember her very well at Vienna thirty years ago, and how
dicolletee she was then."

  "She is still dicolletee," he answered, taking an olive in his
long fingers; "and when she is in a very smart gown she looks like
an edition de luxe of a bad French novel. She is really wonderful, and
full of surprises. Her capacity for family affection is extraordinary.
When her third husband died, her hair turned quite gold from grief."

  "How can you, Harry!" cried Dorian.

  "It is a most romantic explanation," laughed the hostess. "But her
third husband, Lord Henry! You don't mean to say Ferrol is the
fourth?"

  "Certainly, Lady Narborough."

  "I don't believe a word of it."

  "Well, ask Mr. Gray. He is one of her most intimate friends."

  "Is it true, Mr. Gray?"

  "She assures me so, Lady Narborough," said Dorian. "I asked her
whether, like Marguerite de Navarre, she had their hearts embalmed and
hung at her girdle. She told me she didn't, because none of them had
had any hearts at all."

  "Four husbands! Upon my word that is trop de zele."

  "Trop d' audace, I tell her," said Dorian.

  "Oh! she is audacious enough for anything, my dear. And what is
Ferrol like? I don't know him."

  "The husbands of very beautiful women belong to the criminal
classes," said Lord Henry, sipping his wine.

  Lady Narborough hit him with her fan. "Lord Henry, I am not at all
surprised that the world says that you are extremely wicked."

  "But what world says that?" asked Lord Henry, elevating his
eyebrows. "It can only be the next world. This world and I are on
excellent terms."

  "Everybody I know says you are very wicked," cried the old lady,
shaking her head.

  Lord Henry looked serious for some moments. "It is perfectly
monstrous," he said, at last, "the way people go about nowadays saying
things against one behind one's back that are absolutely and
entirely true."

  "Isn't he incorrigible?" cried Dorian, leaning forward in his chair.

  "I hope so," said his hostess, laughing. "But really if you all
worship Madame de Ferrol in this ridiculous way, I shall have to marry
again so as to be in the fashion."

  "You will never marry again, Lady Narborough," broke in Lord
Henry. "You were far too happy. When a woman marries again it is
because she detested her first husband. When a man marries again, it
is because he adored his first wife. Women try their luck; men risk
theirs."

  "Narborough wasn't perfect," cried the old lady.

  "If he had been, you would not have loved him, my dear lady," was
the rejoinder. "Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of
them they will forgive us everything, even our intellects. You will
never ask me to dinner again, after saying this, I am afraid, Lady
Narborough; but it is quite true."

  "Of course it is true, Lord Henry. If we women did not love you
for your defects, where would you all be? Not one of you would ever be
married. You would be a set of unfortunate bachelors. Not, however,
that that would alter you much. Nowadays all the married men live like
bachelors, and all the bachelors like married men."

  "Fin de siecle," murmured Lord Henry.

  "Fin du globe," answered his hostess.

  "I wish it were fin du globe," said Dorian, with a sigh. "Life is
a great disappointment."

  "Ah, my dear," cried Lady Narborough, putting on her gloves,
"don't tell me that you have exhausted Life. When a man says that
one knows that Life has exhausted him. Lord Henry is very wicked,
and I sometimes wish that I had been; but you are made to be good- you
look so good. I must find you a nice wife. Lord Henry, don't you think
that Mr. Gray should get married?"

  "I am always telling him so, Lady Narborough," said Lord Henry, with
a bow.

  "Well, we must look out for a suitable match for him. I shall go
through Debrett carefully to-night. and draw out a list of all the
eligible young ladies."

  "With their ages, Lady Narborough?" asked Dorian.

  "Of course, with their ages, slightly edited. But nothing must be
done in a hurry. I want it to be what The Morning Post calls a
suitable alliance, and I want you both to be happy."

  "What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!" exclaimed Lord
Henry. "A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love
her."

  "Ah! what a cynic you are!" cried the old lady, pushing back her
chair, and nodding to Lady Ruxton. "You must come and dine with me
soon again. You are really an admirable tonic, much better than what
Sir Andrew prescribes for me. You must tell me what people you would
like to meet, though. I want it to be a delightful gathering."

  "I like men who have a future, and women who have a past," he
answered. "Or do you think that would make it a petticoat party?"

  "I fear so," she said, laughing, as she stood up. "A thousand
pardons, my dear Lady Ruxton," she added, "I didn't see you hadn't
finished your cigarette."

  "Never mind, Lady Narborough. I smoke a great deal too much. I am
going to limit myself, for the future."

  "Pray don't, Lady Ruxton," said Lord Henry. "Moderation is a fatal
thing. Enough is as bad as a meal. More than enough is as good as a
feast."

  Lady Ruxton glanced at him curiously. "You must come and explain
that to me some afternoon, Lord Henry. It sounds a fascinating
theory," she murmured, as she swept out of the room.

  "Now, mind you don't stay too long over your politics and
scandal," cried Lady Narborough from the door. "If you do, we are sure
to squabble upstairs."

  The men laughed, and Mr. Chapman got up solemnly from the foot of
the table and came up to the top. Dorian Gray changed his seat, and
went and sat by Lord Henry. Mr. Chapman began to talk in a loud
voice about the situation in the House of Commons. He guffawed at
his adversaries. The word doctrinaire- word full of terror to the
British mind- reappeared from time to time between his explosions.
An alliterative prefix served as an ornament of oratory. He hoisted
the Union Jack on the pinnacles of Thought. The inherited stupidity of
the race- sound English common sense he jovially termed it- was
shown to be the proper bulwark for Society.

  A smile curved Lord Henry's lips, and he turned round and looked
at Dorian.

  "Are you better, my dear fellow?" he asked. "You seemed rather out
of sorts at dinner."

  "I am quite well, Harry. I am tired. That is all."

  "You were charming last night. The little Duchess is quite devoted
to you. She tells me she is going down to Selby."

  "She has promised to come on the twentieth."

  "Is Monmouth to be there too?"

  "Oh, yes, Harry."

  "He bores me dreadfully, almost as much as he bores her. She is very
clever, too clever for a woman. She lacks the indefinable charm of
weakness. It is the feet of clay that makes the gold of the image
precious. Her feet are very pretty, but they are not feet of clay.
White porcelain feet, if you like. They have been through the fire,
and what fire does not destroy, it hardens. She has had experiences."

  "How long has she been married?" asked Dorian.

  "An eternity, she tells me. I believe, according to the peerage,
it is ten years, but ten years with Monmouth must have been like
eternity, with time thrown in. Who else is coming?"

  "Oh, the Willoughbys, Lord Rugby and his wife, our hostess, Geoffrey
Clouston, the usual set. I have asked Lord Grotrian."

  "I like him," said Lord Henry. "A great many people don't, but I
find him charming. He atones for being occasionally somewhat
over-dressed, by being always absolutely over-educated. He is a very
modern type."

  "I don't know if he will be able to come, Harry. He may have to go
to Monte Carlo with his father."

  "Ah! what a nuisance people's people are! Try and make him come.
By the way, Dorian, you ran off very early last night. You left before
eleven. What did you do afterwards? Did you go straight home?"

  Dorian glanced at him hurriedly, and frowned. "No, Harry," he said
at last, "I did not get home till nearly three."

  "Did you go to the club?"

  "Yes," he answered. Then he bit his lip. "No, I don't mean that. I
didn't go to the club. I walked about. I forget what I did.... How
inquisitive you are, Harry! You always want to know what one has
been doing. I always want to forget what I have been doing. I came
in at half-past two, if you wish to know the exact time. I had left my
latchkey at home, and my servant had to let me in. If you want any
corroborative evidence on the subject you can ask him."

  Lord Henry shrugged his shoulders. "My dear fellow, as if I cared!
Let us go up to the drawing-room. No sherry, thank you, Mr. Chapman.
Something has happened to you, Dorian. Tell me what it is. You are not
yourself to-night."

  "Don't mind me, Harry. I am irritable, and out of temper. I shall
come round and see you to-morrow or next day. Make my excuses to Lady.
Narborough. I sha'n't go upstairs. I shall go home. I must go home."

  "All right, Dorian. I dare say I shall see you to-morrow at
tea-time. The Duchess is coming."

  "I will try to be there, Harry," he said, leaving the room. As he
drove back to his own house he was conscious that the sense of
terror he thought he had strangled had come back to him. Lord
Henry's casual questioning had made him lose his nerves for the
moment, and he wanted his nerve still. Things that were dangerous
had to be destroyed. He winced. He hated the idea of even touching
them.

  Yet it had to be done. He realized that, and when he had locked
the door of his library, he opened the secret press into which he
had thrust Basil Hallward's coat and bag. A huge fire was blazing.
He piled another log on it. The smell of singeing clothes and
burning leather was horrible. It took him three-quarters of an hour to
consume everything. At the end he felt faint and sick, and having
lit some Algerian pastilles in a pierced copper brazier, he bathed his
hands and forehead with a cool musk-scented vinegar.

  Suddenly he started. His eyes grew strangely bright and he gnawed
nervously at his under-lip. Between two of the windows stood a large
Florentine cabinet, made out of ebony, and inlaid with ivory and
blue lapis. He watched it as though it were a thing that could
fascinate and make afraid, as though it held something that he
longed for and yet almost loathed. His breath quickened. A mad craving
came over him. He lit a cigarette and then threw it away. His
eyelids drooped till the long fringed lashes almost touched his cheek.
But he still watched the cabinet. At last he got up from the sofa on
which he had been lying, went over to it, and, having unlocked it,
touched some hidden spring. A triangular drawer passed slowly out. His
fingers moved instinctively towards it, dipped in, and closed on
something. It was a small Chinese box of black and gold-dust
lacquer, elaborately wrought, the sides patterned with curved waves,
and the silken cords hung with round crystals and tasselled in plaited
metal threads. He opened it. Inside was a green paste waxy in
lustre, the odour curiously heavy and persistent.

  He hesitated for some moments, with a strangely immobile smile
upon his face. Then shivering, though the atmosphere of the room was
terribly hot, he drew himself up, and glanced at the clock. It was
twenty minutes to twelve. He put the box back, shutting the cabinet
doors as he did so, and went into his bedroom.

  As midnight was striking bronze blows upon the dusky air, Dorian
Gray, dressed commonly, and with a muffler wrapped round his throat,
crept quietly out of his house. In Bond Street he found a hansom
with a good horse. He hailed it, and in a low voice gave the driver an
address.

  The man shook his head. "It is too far for me," he muttered.

  "Here is a sovereign for you," said Dorian. "You shall have
another if you drive fast."

  "All right, sir," answered the man, "you will be there in an
hour," and after his fare had got in he turned his horse round, and
drove rapidly towards the river.

                             CHAPTER XVI

  A cold rain began to fall, and the blurred street-lamps looked
ghastly in the dripping mist. The public-houses were just closing, and
dim men and women were clustering in broken groups round their
doors. From some of the bars came the sound of horrible laughter. In
others, drunkards brawled and screamed.

  Lying back in the hansom, with his hat pulled over his forehead,
Dorian Gray watched with listless eyes the sordid shame of the great
city, and now and then he repeated to himself the words that Lord
Henry had said to him on the first day they had met, "To cure the soul
by means of the senses, and the senses by means of the soul." Yes,
that was the secret. He had often tried it, and would try it again
now. There were opium-dens, where one could buy oblivion, dens of
horror where the memory of old sins could be destroyed by the
madness of sins that were new.

  The moon hung low in the sky like a yellow skull. From time to
time a huge misshapen cloud stretched a long arm across and hid it.
The gas-lamps grew fewer, and the streets more narrow and gloomy. Once
the man lost his way, and had to drive back half a mile. A steam
rose from the horse as it splashed up the puddles. The side-windows of
the hansom were clogged with a grey-flannel mist.

  "To cure the soul by means of the senses, and the senses by means of
the soul!" How the words rang in his ears! His soul, certainly, was
sick to death. Was it true that the senses could cure it? Innocent
blood had been spilt. What could atone for that? Ah! for that there
was no atonement; but though forgiveness was impossible, forgetfulness
was possible still, and he was determined to forget, to stamp the
thing out, to crush it as one would crush the adder that had stung
one. Indeed, what right had Basil to have spoken to him as he had
done? Who had made him a judge over others? He had said things that
were dreadful, horrible, not to be endured.

  On and on plodded the hansom, going slower, it seemed to him, at
each step. He thrust up the trap, and called to the man to drive
faster. The hideous hunger for opium began to gnaw at him. His
throat burned, and his delicate hands twitched nervously together.
He struck at the horse madly with his stick. The driver laughed, and
whipped up. He laughed in answer, and the man was silent.

  The way seemed interminable, and the streets like the black web of
some sprawling spider. The monotony became unbearable, and, as the
mist thickened, he felt afraid.

  Then they passed by lonely brickfields. The fog was lighter here,
and he could see the strange bottle-shaped kilns with their orange
fan-like tongues of fire. A dog barked as they went by, and far away
in the darkness some wandering seagull screamed. The horse stumbled in
a rut, then swerved aside, and broke into a gallop.

  After some time they left the clay road, and rattled again over
rough-paven streets. Most of the windows were dark, but now and then
fantastic shadows were silhouetted against some lamp-lit blind. He
watched them curiously. They moved like monstrous marionettes, and
made gestures like live things. He hated them. A dull rage was in
his heart. As they turned a corner a woman yelled something at them
from an open door, and two men ran after the hansom for about a
hundred yards. The driver beat at them with his whip.

  It is said that passion makes one think in a circle. Certainly
with hideous iteration the bitten lips of Dorian Gray shaped and
reshaped those subtle words that dealt with soul and sense, till he
had found in them the full expression, as it were, of his mood, and
justified, by intellectual approval, passions that without such
justification would still have dominated his temper. From cell to cell
of his brain crept the one thought; and the wild desire to live,
most terrible of all man's appetites, quickened into force each
trembling nerve and fibre. Ugliness that had once been hateful to
him because it made things real, became dear to him now for that
very reason. Ugliness was the one reality. The coarse brawl, the
loathsome den, the crude vileness of disordered life, the very
vileness of thief and outcast, were more vivid, in their intense
actuality of impression, than all the gracious shapes of Art, the
dreamy shadows of Song. They were what he needed for forgetfulness. In
three days he would be free.

  Suddenly the man drew up with a jerk at the top of a dark lane. Over
the low roofs and jagged chimney-stacks of the houses rose the black
masts of ships. Wreaths of white mist clung like ghostly sails to
the yards.

  "Somewhere about here, sir, ain't it?" he asked huskily through
the trap.

  Dorian started, and peered round. "This will do," he answered,
and, having got out hastily, and given the driver the extra fare he
had promised him, he walked quickly in the direction of the quay. Here
and there a lantern gleamed at the stern of some huge merchantman. The
light shook and splintered in the puddles. A red glare came from an
outward-bound steamer that was coaling. The slimy pavement looked like
a wet mackintosh.

  He hurried on towards the left, glancing back now and then to see if
he was being followed. In about seven or eight minutes he reached a
small shabby house, that was wedged in between two gaunt factories. In
one of the top windows stood a lamp. He stopped, and gave a peculiar
knock.

  After a little while he heard steps in the passage, and the chain
being unhooked. The door opened quietly, and he went in without saying
a word to the squat misshapen figure that flattened itself upon the
shadow as he passed. At the end of the hall hung a tattered green
curtain that swayed and shook in the gusty wind which had followed him
in from the street. He dragged it aside, and entered a long, low
room which looked as if it had once been a third-rate
dancing-saloon. Shrill flaring gas-jets, dulled and distorted in the
fly-blown mirrors that faced them, were ranged round the walls. Greasy
reflectors of ribbed tin backed them, making quivering discs of light.
The floor was covered with ochre-coloured sawdust, trampled here and
there into mud, and stained with rings of spilt liquor. Some Malays
were crouching by a little charcoal stove playing with bone
counters, and showing their white teeth as they chattered. In one
corner with his head buried in his arms, a sailor sprawled over a
table, and by the tawdrily-painted bar that ran across one complete
side stood two haggard women mocking an old man who was brushing the
sleeves of his coat with an expression of disgust. "He thinks he's got
red ants on him," laughed one of them, as Dorian passed by. The man
looked at her in terror, and began to whimper.

  At the end of the room there was a little staircase, leading to a
darkened chamber. As Dorian hurried up its three rickety steps, the
heavy odour of opium met him. He heaved a deep breath, and his
nostrils quivered with pleasure. When he entered, a young man with
smooth yellow hair, who was bending over a lamp lighting a long thin
pipe, looked up at him, and nodded in a hesitating manner.

  "You here, Adrian?" muttered Dorian.

  "Where else should I be?" he answered, listlessly. "None of the
chaps will speak to me now."

  "I thought you had left England."

  "Darlington is not going to do anything. My brother paid the bill at
last. George doesn't speak to me either.... I don't care," he added,
with a sigh. "As long as one has this stuff, one doesn't want friends.
I think I have had too many friends."

  Dorian winced, and looked around at the grotesque things that lay in
such fantastic postures on the ragged mattresses. The twisted limbs,
the gaping mouths, the staring lustreless eyes, fascinated him. He
knew in what strange heavens they were suffering, and what dull
hells were teaching them the secret of some new joy. They were
better off than he was. He was prisoned in thought. Memory, like a
horrible malady, was eating his soul away. From time to time he seemed
to see the eyes of Basil Hallward looking at him. Yet he felt he could
not stay. The presence of Adrian Singleton troubled him. He wanted
to be where no one would know who he was. He wanted to escape from
himself.

  "I am going on to the other place," he said, after a pause.

  "On the wharf?"

  "Yes."

  "That mad-cat is sure to be there. They won't have her in this place
now."

  Dorian shrugged his shoulders. "I am sick of women who love one.
Women who hate one are much more interesting. Besides, the stuff is
better."

  "Much the same."

  "I like it better. Come and have something to drink. I must have
something."

  "I don't want anything," murmured the young man.

  "Never mind."

  Adrian Singleton rose up wearily, and followed Dorian to the bar.
A half caste, in a ragged turban and a shabby ulster, grinned a
hideous greeting as he thrust a bottle of brandy and two tumblers in
front of them. The women sidled up, and began to chatter. Dorian
turned his back on them, and said something in a low voice to Adrian
Singleton.

  A crooked smile, like a Malay crease, writhed across the face of one
of the women. "We're very proud to-night," she sneered.

  "For God's sake don't talk to me," cried Dorian, stamping his foot
on the ground. "What do you want? Money? Here it is. Don't ever talk
to me again."

  Two red sparks flashed for a moment in the woman's sodden eyes, then
flickered out, and left them dull and glazed. She tossed her head, and
raked the coins off the counter with greedy fingers. Her companion
watched her enviously.

  "It's no use," sighed Adrian Singleton "I don't care to go back.
What does it matter? I am quite happy here."

  "You will write to me if you want anything, won't you?" said Dorian,
after a pause.

  "Perhaps."

  "Good-night, then."

  "Good-night," answered the young man, passing up the steps, and
wiping his parched mouth with a handkerchief.

  Dorian walked to the door with a look of pain in his face. As he
drew the curtain aside a hideous laugh broke from the painted lips
of the woman who had taken the money. "There goes the devil's
bargain!" she hiccoughed, in a hoarse voice.

  "Curse you," he answered, "don't call me that."

  She snapped her fingers. "Prince Charming is what you like to be
called, ain't it?" she yelled after him.

  The drowsy sailor leapt to his feet as she spoke, and looked
wildly round. The sound of the shutting of the hall door fell on his
ear. He rushed out as if in pursuit.

  Dorian Gray hurried along the quay through the drizzling rain. His
meeting with Adrian Singleton had strangely moved him, and he wondered
if the ruin of that young life was really to be laid at his door, as
Basil Hallward had said to him with such infamy of insult. He bit
his lip, and for a few seconds his eyes grew sad. Yet, after all, what
did it matter to him? One's days were too brief to take the burden
of another's errors on one's shoulders. Each man lived his own life,
and paid his own price for living it. The only pity was one had to pay
so often for a single fault. One had to pay over and over again,
indeed. In her dealings with man Destiny never closed her accounts.

  There are moments, psychologists tell us, when the passion for
sin, or for what the world calls sin, so dominates a nature, that
every fibre of the body, as every cell of the brain, seems to be
instinct with fearful impulses. Men and women at such moments lose the
freedom of their will. They move to their terrible end as automatons
move. Choice is taken from them, and conscience is either killed,
or, if it lives at all, lives but to give rebellion its fascination,
and disobedience its charm. For all sins, as theologians weary not
of reminding us, are sins of disobedience. When that high spirit, that
morning-star of evil, fell from heaven, it was as a rebel that he
fell.

  Callous, concentrated on evil, with stained mind, and soul hungry
for rebellion, Dorian Gray hastened on, quickening his steps as he
went, but as he darted aside into a dim archway, that had served him
often as a short cut to the ill-famed place where he was going, he
felt himself suddenly seized from behind, and before he had time to
defend himself he was thrust back against the wall, with a brutal hand
round his throat.

  He struggled madly for life, and by a terrible effort wrenched the
tightening fingers away. In a second he heard the click of a revolver,
and saw the gleam of a polished barrel pointing straight at his
head, and the dusky form of a short thick-set man facing him.

  "What do you want?" he gasped.

  "Keep quiet," said the man. "If you stir, I shoot you."

  "You are mad. What have I done to you?"

  "You wrecked the life of Sibyl Vane," was the answer, "and Sibyl
Vane was my sister. She killed herself. I know it. Her death is at
your door. I swore I would kill you in return. For years I have sought
you. I had no clue, no trace. The two people who could have
described you were dead. I knew nothing of you but the pet name she
used to call you. I heard it to-night by chance. Make your peace
with God, for to-night you are going to die."

  Dorian Gray grew sick with fear. "I never knew her," he stammered.
"I never heard of her. You are mad."

  "You had better confess your sin, for as sure as I am James Vane,
you are going to die." There was a horrible moment. Dorian did not
know what to say or do. "Down on your knees!" growled the man. "I give
you one minute to make your peace- no more. I go on board to-night for
India, and I must do my job first. One minute. That's all."

  Dorian's arms fell to his side. Paralyzed with terror, he did not
know what to do. Suddenly a wild hope flashed across his brain.
"Stop," he cried. "How long ago is it since your sister died? Quick,
tell me!"

  "Eighteen years," said the man. "Why do you ask me? What do years
matter?"

  "Eighteen years," laughed Dorian Gray, with a touch of triumph in
his voice. "Eighteen years! Set me under the lamp and look at my
face."

  James Vane hesitated for a moment, not understanding what was meant.
Then he seized Dorian Gray and dragged him from the archway.

  Dim and wavering as was the wind-blown light, yet it served to
show him the hideous  error, as it seemed, into which he had fallen,
for the face of the man he had sought to kill had all the bloom of
boyhood, all the unstained purity of youth. He seemed little more than
a lad of twenty summers, hardly older, if older indeed at all, than
his sister had been when they had parted so many years ago. It was
obvious that this was not the man who had destroyed her life.

  He loosened his hold and reeled back. "My God! my God!" he cried,
"and I would have murdered you!"

  Dorian Gray drew a long breath. "You have been on the brink of
committing a terrible crime, my man," he said, looking at him sternly.
"Let this be a warning to you not to take vengeance into your own
hands."

  "Forgive me, sir," muttered James Vane. "I was deceived. A chance
word I heard in that damned den set me on the wrong track."

  "You had better go home, and put that pistol away, or you may get
into trouble," said Dorian, turning on his heel, and going slowly down
the street.

  James Vane stood on the pavement in horror. He was trembling from
head to foot. After a little while a black shadow that had been
creeping along the dripping wall, moved out into the light and came
close to him with stealthy footsteps. He felt a hand laid on his arm
and looked round with a start. It was one of the women who had been
drinking at the bar.

  "Why didn't you kill him?" she hissed out, putting her haggard
face quite close to his. "I knew you were following him when you
rushed out from Daly's. You fool! You should have killed him. He has
lots of money, and he's as bad as bad."

  "He is not the man I am looking for," he answered, "and I want no
man's money. I want a man's life. The man whose life I want must be
nearly forty now. This one is little more than a boy. Thank God, I
have not got his blood upon my hands."

  The woman gave a bitter laugh. "Little more than a boy!" she
sneered. "Why, man, it's nigh on eighteen years since Prince
Charming made me what I am."

  "You lie!" cried James Vane.

  She raised her hand up to heaven. "Before God I am telling the
truth," she cried.

  "Before God?"

  "Strike me dumb if it ain't so. He is the worst one that comes here.
They say he has sold himself to the devil for a pretty face. It's nigh
on eighteen years since I met him. He hasn't changed much since
then. I have though," she added with a sickly leer.

  "You swear this?"

  "I swear it," came in hoarse echo from her flat mouth. "But don't
give me away to him," she whined; "I am afraid of him. Let me have
some money for my night's lodging."

  He broke from her with an oath, and rushed to the corner of the
street, but Dorian Gray had disappeared. When he looked back, the
woman had vanished also.

                             CHAPTER XVII

  A week later Dorian Gray was sitting in the conservatory at Selby
Royal talking to the pretty Duchess of Monmouth, who with her husband,
a jaded-looking man of sixty, was amongst his guests. It was tea-time,
and the mellow light of the huge lace-covered lamp that stood on the
table lit up the delicate china and hammered silver of the service
at which the Duchess was presiding. Her white hands were moving
daintily among the cups, and her full red lips were smiling at
something that Dorian had whispered to her. Lord Henry was lying
back in a silk-draped wicker chair looking at them. On a
peach-coloured divan sat Lady Narborough pretending to listen to the
Duke's description of the last Brazilian beetle that he had added to
his collection. Three young men in elaborate smoking-suits were
handing tea-cakes to some of the women. The house-party consisted of
twelve people, and there were more expected to arrive on the next day.

  "What are you two talking about?" said Lord Henry, strolling over to
the table, and putting his cup down. "I hope Dorian has told you about
my plan for rechristening everything, Gladys. It is a delightful
idea."

  "But I don't want to be rechristened, Harry," rejoined the
Duchess, looking up at him with her wonderful eyes. "I am quite
satisfied with my own name, and I am sure Mr. Gray should be satisfied
with his."

  "My dear Gladys, I would not alter either name for the world. They
are both perfect. I was thinking chiefly of flowers. Yesterday I cut
an orchid, for my buttonhole. It was a marvellous spotted thing, as
effective as the seven deadly sins. In a thoughtless moment I asked
one of the gardeners what it was called. He told me that it was a fine
specimen of Rooinsoniana, or something dreadful of that kind. It is
a sad truth, but we have lost the faculty of giving lovely names to
things. Names are everything. I never quarrel with actions. My one
quarrel is with words. That is the reason I hate vulgar realism in
literature. The man who could call a spade a spade should be compelled
to use one. It is the only thing he is fit for."

  "Then what should we call you, Harry?" she asked.

  "His name is Prince Paradox," said Dorian.

  "I recognize him in a flash," exclaimed the Duchess.

  "I won't hear of it," laughed Lord Henry, sinking into a chair.
"From a label there is no escape! I refuse the title."

  "Royalties may not abdicate," fell as a warning from pretty lips.

  "You wish me to defend my throne, then?"

  "Yes."

  "I give the truths of to-morrow."

  "I prefer the mistakes of to-day," she answered.

  "You disarm me, Gladys," he cried, catching the wilfulness of her
mood.

  "Of your shield, Harry: not of your spear."

  "I never tilt against Beauty," he said, with a wave of his hand.

  "That is your error, Harry, believe me. You value beauty far too
much."

  "How can you say that, I admit that I think that it is better to
be beautiful than to be good. But on the other hand no one is more
ready than I am to acknowledge that it is better to be good than to be
ugly?"

  "Ugliness is one of the seven deadly sins, then?" cried the Duchess.
"What becomes of your simile about the orchid?"

  "Ugliness is one of the seven deadly virtues, Gladys. You, as a good
Tory, must not underrate them. Beer, the Bible, and the seven deadly
virtues have made our England what she is."

  "You don't like your country, then?" she asked.

  "I live in it."

  "That you may censure it the better."

  "Would you have me take the verdict of Europe on it?" he enquired.

  "What do they say of us?"

  "That Tartuffe has emigrated to England and opened a shop."

  "Is that yours, Harry?"

  "I give it to you."

  "I could not use it. It is too true."

  "You need not be afraid. Our countrymen never recognize a
description."

  "They are practical."

  "They are more cunning than practical. When they make up their
ledger, they balance stupidity by wealth, and vice by hypocrisy."

  "Still, we have done great things."

  "Great things have been thrust on us, Gladys."

  "We have carried their burden."

  "Only as far as the Stock Exchange."

  She shook her head. "I believe in the race," she cried.

  "It represents the survival of the pushing."

  "It has development."

  "Decay fascinates me more."

  "What of Art?" she asked.

  "It is a malady."

  "Love?"

  "An illusion."

  "Religion?"

  "The fashionable substitute for Belief."

  "You are a sceptic."

  "Never! Scepticism is the beginning of Faith."

  "What are you?"

  "To define is to limit."

  "Give me a clue."

  "Threads snap. You would lose your way in the labyrinth."

  "You bewilder me. Let us talk of some one else."

  "Our host is a delightful topic. Years ago he was christened
Prince Charming."

  "Ah! don't remind me of that," cried Dorian Gray.

  "Our host is rather horrid this evening," answered the Duchess,
colouring. "I believe he thinks that Monmouth married me on purely
scientific principles as the best specimen he could find of a modern
butterfly."

  "Well, I hope he won't stick pins into you, Duchess," laughed
Dorian.

  "Oh! my maid does that already, Mr. Gray, when she is annoyed with
me."

  "And what does she get annoyed with you about, Duchess?"

  "For the most trivial things, Mr. Gray, I assure you. Usually
because I come in at ten minutes to nine and tell her that I must be
dressed by half-past eight."

  "How unreasonable of her! You should give her warning."

  "I daren't, Mr. Gray. Why, she invents hats for me. You remember the
one I wore at Lady Hilstone's garden-party? You don't, but it is
nice of you to pretend that you do. Well, she made it out of
nothing. All good hats are made out of nothing."

  "Like all good reputations, Gladys," interrupted Lord Henry.
"Every effect that one produces gives one an enemy. To be popular
one must be a mediocrity."

  "Not with women," said the Duchess, shaking her head, "and women
rule the world. I assure you we can't bear mediocrities. We women,
as some one says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your
eyes, if you ever love at all."

  "It seems to me that we never do anything else," murmured Dorian.

  "Ah! then, you never really love, Mr. Gray," answered the Duchess,
with mock sadness.

  "My dear Gladys!" cried Lord Henry. "How can you say that? Romance
lives by repetition, and repetition converts an appetite into an
art. Besides, each time that one loves is the only time one has ever
loved. Difference of object does not alter singleness of passion. It
merely intensifies it. We can have in life but one great experience at
best, and the secret of life is to reproduce that experience as
often as possible."

  "Even when one has been wounded by it, Harry?" asked the Duchess,
after a pause.

  "Especially when one has been wounded by it," answered Lord Henry.

  The Duchess turned and looked at Dorian Gray with a curious
expression in her eyes. "What do you say to that, Mr. Gray?" she
enquired.

  Dorian hesitated a moment. Then he threw back his head and
laughed. "I always agree with Harry, Duchess."

  "Even when he is wrong?"

  "Harry is never wrong, Duchess."

  "And does his philosophy make you happy?"

  "I have never searched for happiness. Who wants happiness? I have
searched for pleasure."

  "And found it, Mr. Gray?"

  "Often. Too often."

  The Duchess sighed. "I am searching for peace," she said, "and if
I don't go and dress, I shall have none this evening."

  "Let me get you some orchids, Duchess," cried Dorian, starting to
his feet, and walking down the conservatory.

  "You are flirting disgracefully with him," said Lord Henry to his
cousin. "You had better take care. He is very fascinating."

  "If he were not, there would be no battle."

  "Greek meets Greek then?"

  "I am on the side of the Trojans. They fought for a woman."

  "They were defeated."

  "There are worse things than capture," she answered.

  "You gallop with a loose rein."

  "Pace gives life," was the riposte. "I shall write it in my diary
to-night."

  "What?"

  "That a burnt child loves the fire."

  "I am not even singed. My wings are untouched."

  "You use them for everything, except flight."

  "Courage has passed from men to women. It is a new experience for
us."

  "You have a rival."

  "Who?"

  He laughed. "Lady Narborough," he whispered. "She perfectly adores
him."

  "You fill me with apprehension. The appeal to Antiquity is fatal
to us who are romanticists."

  "Romanticists! You have all the methods of science."

  "Men have educated us."

  "But not explained you."

  "Describe us as a sex," was her challenge.

  "Sphinxes without secrets."

  She looked at him, smiling. "How long Mr. Gray is!" she said. "Let
us go and help him. I have not yet told him the colour of my frock."

  "Ah! you must suit your frock to his flowers, Gladys."

  "That would be a premature surrender."

  "Romantic Art begins with its climax."

  "I must keep an opportunity for retreat."

  "In the Parthian manner?"

  "They found safety in the desert. I could not do that."

  "Women are not always allowed a choice," he answered, but hardly had
he finished the sentence before from the far end of the conservatory
came a stifled groan, followed by the dull sound of a heavy fall.
Everybody started up. The Duchess stood motionless in horror. And with
fear in his eves Lord Henry rushed through the flapping palms, to find
Dorian Gray lying face downwards on the tiled floor in a death-like
swoon.

  He was carried at once into the blue drawing-room, and laid upon one
of the sofas. After a short time he came to himself, and looked
round with a dazed expression.

  "What has happened?" he asked. "Oh! I remember. Am I safe here,
Harry,?" He began to tremble.

  "My dear Dorian," answered Lord Henry, "you merely fainted. That was
all. You must have overtired yourself. You had better not come down to
dinner. I will take your place."

  "No, I will come down," he said, struggling to his feet. "I would
rather come down. I must not be alone."

  He went to his room and dressed. There was a wild recklessness of
gaiety in his manner as he sat at table, but now and then a thrill
of terror ran through him when he remembered that, pressed against the
window of the conservatory, like a white handkerchief, he had seen the
face of James Vane watching him.

                            CHAPTER XVIII

  The next day he did not leave the house, and, indeed, spent most
of the time in his own room, sick with a wild terror of dying, and yet
indifferent to life itself. The consciousness of being hunted, snared,
tracked down, had begun to dominate him. If the tapestry did but
tremble in the wind, he shook. The dead leaves that were blown against
the leaded panes seemed to him like his own wasted resolutions and
wild regrets. When he closed his eyes, he saw again the sailor's
face peering through the mist-stained glass, and horror seemed once
more to lay its hand upon his heart.

  But perhaps it had been only his fancy that had called vengeance out
of the night, and set the hideous shapes of punishment before him.
Actual life was chaos, but there was something terribly logical in the
imagination. It was the imagination that set remorse to dog the feet
of sin. It was the imagination that made each crime bear its misshapen
brood. In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor
the good rewarded. Success was given to the strong, failure thrust
upon the weak. That was all. Besides, had any stranger been prowling
round the house he would have been seen by the servants or the
keepers. Had any footmarks been found on the flower-beds, the
gardeners would have reported it. Yes: it had been merely fancy. Sibyl
Vane's brother had not come back to kill him. He had sailed away in
his ship to founder in some winter sea. From him, at any rate, he
was safe. Why, the man did not know who he was, could not know who
he was. The mask of youth had saved him.

  And yet if it had been merely an illusion, how terrible it was to
think that conscience could raise such fearful phantoms, and give them
visible form, and make them move before one! What sort of life would
his be if, day and night, shadows of his crime were to peer at him
from silent corners, to mock him from secret places, to whisper in his
ear as he sat at the feast, to wake him with icy fingers as he lay
asleep! As the thought crept through his brain, he grew pale with
terror, and the air seemed to him to have become suddenly colder.
Oh! in what a wild hour of madness he had killed his friend! How
ghastly the mere memory of the scene! He saw it all again. Each
hideous detail came back to him with added horror. Out of the black
cave of Time, terrible and swathed in scarlet, rose the image of his
sin. When Lord Henry came in at six o'clock, he found him crying as
one whose heart will break.

  It was not till the third day that he ventured to go out. There
was something in the clear, pine-scented air of that winter morning
that seemed to bring him back his joyousness and his ardour for
life. But it was not merely the physical conditions of environment
that had caused the change. His own nature had revolted against the
excess of anguish that had sought to maim and mar the perfection of
its calm. With subtle and finely-wrought temperaments it is always so.
Their strong passions must either bruise or bend. They either slay the
man, or themselves die. Shallow sorrows and shallow loves live on. The
loves and sorrows that are great are destroyed by their own plenitude.
Besides, he had convinced himself that he had been the victim of a
terror-stricken imagination, and looked back now on his fears with
something of pity and not a little of contempt.

  After breakfast he walked with the Duchess for an hour in the
garden, and then drove across the park to join the shooting-party. The
crisp frost lay like salt upon the grass. The sky was an inverted
cup of blue metal. A thin film of ice bordered the flat reed-grown
lake.

  At the corner of the pine wood he caught sight of Sir Geoffrey
Clouston, the Duchess's brother, jerking two spent cartridges out of
his gun. He jumped from the cart, and having told the groom to take
the mare home, made his way towards his guest through the withered
bracken and rough undergrowth.

  "Have you had good sport, Geoffrey?" he asked.

  "Not very good, Dorian. I think most of the birds have gone to the
open. I dare say it will be better after lunch, when we get to new
ground."

  Dorian strolled along by his side. The keen aromatic air, the
brown and red lights that glimmered in the wood, the hoarse cries of
the beaters ringing out from time to time, and the sharp snaps of
the guns that followed, fascinated him, and filled him with a sense of
delightful freedom. He was dominated by the carelessness of happiness,
by the high indifference of joy.

  Suddenly from a lumpy tussock of old grass, some twenty yards in
front of them, with black-tipped ears erect, and long hinder limbs
throwing it forward, started a hare. It bolted for a thicket of
alders. Sir Geoffrey put his gun to his shoulder, but there was
something in the animal's grace of movement that strangely charmed
Dorian Gray, and he cried out at once, "Don't shoot it, Geoffrey.
Let it live."

  "What nonsense, Dorian!" laughed his companion, and as the hare
bounded into the thicket he fired. There were two cries heard, the cry
of a hare in pain, which is dreadful, the cry of a man in agony, which
is worse.

  "Good heavens! I have hit a beater!" exclaimed Sir Geoffrey. "What
an ass the man was to get in front of the guns! Stop shooting
there!" he called out at the top of his voice. "A man is hurt."

  The head-keeper came running up with a stick in his hand.

  "Where, sir? Where is he?" he shouted. At the same time the firing
ceased along the line.

  "Here," answered Sir Geoffrey angrily, hurrying towards the thicket.
"Why on earth don't you keep your men back? Spoiled my shooting for
the day."

  Dorian watched them as they plunged into the alder-clump, brushing
the lithe, swinging branches aside. In a few moments they emerged,
dragging a body after them into the sunlight. He turned away in
horror. It seemed to him that misfortune followed wherever he went. He
heard Sir Geoffrey ask if the man was really dead, and the affirmative
answer of the keeper. The wood seemed to him to have become suddenly
alive with faces. There was the trampling of myriad feet, and the
low buzz of voices. A great copper-breasted pheasant came beating
through the boughs overhead.

  After few moments, that were to him, in his perturbed state, like
endless hours of pain, he felt a hand laid on his shoulder. He
started, and looked round.

  "Dorian," said Lord Henry, "I had better tell them that the shooting
is stopped for to-day. It would not look well to go on."

  "I wish it were stopped for ever, Harry," he answered, bitterly.
"The whole thing is hideous and cruel. Is the man...?"

  He could not finish the sentence.

  "I am afraid so," rejoined Lord Henry. "He got the whole charge of
shot in his chest. He must have died almost instantaneously. Come; let
us go home."

  They walked side by side in the direction of the avenue for nearly
fifty yards without speaking. Then Dorian looked at Lord Henry, and
said, with a heavy sigh, "It is a bad omen, Harry, a very bad omen."

  "What is?" asked Lord Henry. "Oh! this accident, I suppose. My
dear fellow, it can't be helped. It was the man's own fault. Why did
he get in front of the guns? Besides, it is nothing to us. It is
rather awkward for Geoffrey, of course. It does not do to pepper
beaters. It makes people think that one is a wild shot. And Geoffrey
is not; he shoots very straight. But there is no use talking about the
matter."

  Dorian shook his head. "It is a bad omen, Harry. I feel as if
something horrible were going to happen to some of us. To myself,
perhaps," he added, passing his hand over his eyes, with a gesture
of pain.

  The elder man laughed. "The only horrible thing in the world is
ennui, Dorian. That is the one sin for which there is no
forgiveness. But we are not likely to suffer from it, unless these
fellows keep chattering about this thing at dinner. I must tell them
that the subject is to be tabooed. As for omens, there is no such
thing as an omen. Destiny does not send us heralds. She is too wise or
too cruel for that. Besides, what on earth could happen to you,
Dorian? You have everything in the world that a man can want. There is
no one who would not be delighted to change places with you."

  "There is no one with whom I would not change places, Harry. Don't
laugh like that. I am telling you the truth. The wretched peasant
who has just died is better off than I am. I have no terror of
Death. It is the coming of Death that terrifies me. Its monstrous
wings seem to wheel in the leaden air around me. Good heavens! don't
you see a man moving, behind the trees there, watching me, waiting for
me?"

  Lord Henry looked in the direction in which the trembling gloved
hand was pointing. "Yes," he said, smiling, "I see the gardener
waiting for you. I suppose he wants to ask you what flowers you wish
to have on the table to-night. How absurdly nervous you are, my dear
fellow! You must come and see my doctor, when we get back to town."

  Dorian heaved a sigh of relief as he saw the gardener approaching.
The man touched his hat, glanced for a moment at Lord Henry in a
hesitating manner, and then produced a letter, which he handed to
his master. "Her Grace told me to wait for an answer," he murmured.

  Dorian put the letter into his pocket. "Tell Her Grace that I am
coming in," he said, coldly. The man turned round, and went rapidly in
the direction of the house.

  "How fond women are of doing dangerous things!" laughed Lord
Henry. "It is one of the qualities in them that I admire most. A woman
will flirt with anybody in the world as long as other people are
looking on."

  "How fond you are of saying dangerous things, Harry! In the
present instance you are quite astray. I like the Duchess very much,
but I don't love her."

  "And the Duchess loves you very much, but she likes you less, as you
are so excellently matched."

  "You are talking scandal, Harry, and there is never any basis for
scandal."

  "The basis of every scandal is an immoral certainty," said Lord
Henry, lighting a cigarette.

  "You would sacrifice anybody, Harry, for the sake of an epigram."

  "The world goes to the altar of its own accord," was the answer.

  "I wish I could love," cried Dorian Gray, with a deep note of pathos
in his voice. "But I seem to have lost the passion, and forgotten
the desire. I am too much concentrated on myself. My own personality
has become a burden to me. I want to escape, to go away, to forget. It
was silly of me to come down here at all. I think I shall send a
wire to Harvey to have the yacht got ready. On a yacht one is safe."

  "Safe from what, Dorian? You are in some trouble. Why not tell me
what it is? You know I would help you."

  "I can't tell you, Harry," he answered, sadly. "And I dare say it is
only a fancy of mine. This unfortunate accident has upset me. I have a
horrible presentiment that something of the kind may happen to me."

  "What nonsense!"

  "I hope it is, but I can't help feeling it. Ah! here is the Duchess,
looking the Artemis in a tailor-made gown. You see we have come
back, Duchess."

  "I have heard all about it, Mr. Gray," she answered. "Poor
Geoffrey is terribly upset. And it seems that you asked him not to
shoot the hare. How curious!"

  "Yes, it was very curious. I don't know what made me say it. Some
whim, I suppose. It looked the loveliest of little live things. But
I am sorry they told you about the man. It is a hideous subject."

  "It is an annoying subject," broke in Lord Henry. "It has no
psychological value at all. Now if Geoffrey had done the thing on
purpose, how interesting he would be! I should like to know some one
who had committed a real murder."

  "How horrid of you, Harry!" cried the Duchess. "Isn't it, Mr.
Gray? Harry, Mr. Gray is ill again. He is going to faint."

  Dorian drew himself up with an effort, and smiled. "It is nothing,
Duchess," he murmured; "my nerves are dreadfully out of order. That is
all. I am afraid I walked too far this morning. I didn't hear what
Harry said. Was it very bad? You must tell me some other time. I think
I must go and lie down. You will excuse me, won't you?"

  They had reached the great flight of steps that led from the
conservatory onto the terrace. As the glass door closed behind Dorian,
Lord Henry turned and looked at the Duchess with his slumberous
eyes. "Are you very much in love with him?" he asked.

  She did not answer for some time, but stood gazing at the landscape.
"I wish I knew," she said at last.

  He shook his head. "Knowledge would be fatal. It is the
uncertainty that charms one. A mist makes things wonderful."

  "One may lose one's way."

  "All ways end at the same point, my dear Gladys."

  "What is that?"

  "Disillusion."

  "It was my debut in life," she sighed.

  "It came to you crowned."

  "I am tired of strawberry leaves."

  "They become you."

  "Only in public."

  "You would miss them," said Lord Henry.

  "I will not part with a petal."

  "Monmouth has cars."

  "Old age is dull of hearing."

  "Has he never been jealous?"

  "I wish he had been."

  He glanced about as if in search of something. "What are you looking
for?" she enquired.

  "The button from your foil," he answered. "You have dropped it."

  She laughed. "I have still the mask."

  "It makes your eyes lovelier," was his reply.

  She laughed again. Her teeth showed like white seeds in a scarlet
fruit.

  Upstairs, in his own room, Dorian Gray was lying on a sofa, with
terror in every tingling fibre of his body. Life had suddenly become
too hideous a burden for him to bear. The dreadful death of the
unlucky beater, shot in the thicket like a wild animal, had seemed
to him to prefigure death for himself also. He had nearly swooned at
what Lord Henry had said in a chance mood of cynical jesting.

  At five o'clock he rang his bell for his servant, and gave him
orders to pack his things for the night-express to town, and to have
the brougham at the door by eight-thirty. He was determined not to
sleep another night at Selby Royal. It was an ill-omened place.
Death walked there in the sunlight. The grass of the forest had been
spotted with blood.

  Then he wrote a note to Lord Henry, telling him that he was going up
to town to consult his doctor, and asking him to entertain his
guests in his absence. As he was putting it into the envelope, a knock
came to the door, and his valet informed him that the head-keeper
wished to see him. He frowned, and bit his lip. "Send him in," he
muttered, after some moments' hesitation.

  As soon as the man entered Dorian pulled his cheque-book out of a
drawer, and spread it out before him.

  "I suppose you have come about the unfortunate accident of this
morning, Thornton?" he said, taking up a pen.

  "Yes, sir," answered the game-keeper.

  "Was the poor fellow married? Had he any people dependent on him?"
asked Dorian, looking bored. "If so, I should not like them to be left
in want, and will send them any sum of money you may think necessary."

  "We don't know who he is, sir. That is what I took the liberty of
coming to you about."

  "Don't know who he is?" said Dorian, listlessly. "What do you
mean? Wasn't he one of your men?"

  "No, sir. Never saw him before. Seems like a sailor, sir."

  The pen dropped from Dorian Gray's hand, and he felt as if his heart
had suddenly stopped beating. "A sailor?" he cried out. "Did you say a
sailor?"

  "Yes, sir. He looks as if he had been a sort of sailor; tattooed
on both arms, and that kind of thing."

  "Was there anything found on him?" said Dorian, leaning forward
and looking at the man with startled eyes. "Anything that would tell
his name?"

  "Some money, sir- not much, and a six-shooter. There was no name
of any kind. A decent-looking man, sir, but rough-like. A sort of
sailor we think."

  Dorian started to his feet. A terrible hope fluttered past him. He
clutched at it madly. "Where is the body?" he exclaimed. "Quick! I
must see it at once."

  "It is in an empty stable in the Home Farm, sir. The folk don't like
to have that sort of thing in their houses. They say a corpse brings
bad luck."

  "The Home Farm! Go there at once and meet me. Tell one of the grooms
to bring my horse round. No. Never mind. I'll go to the stables
myself. It will save time."

  In less than a quarter of an hour Dorian Gray was galloping down the
long avenue as hard as he could go. The trees seemed to sweep past him
in spectral procession, and wild shadows to fling themselves across
his path. Once the mare swerved at a white gate-post and nearly
threw him. He lashed her across the neck with his crop. She cleft
the dusky air like an arrow. The stones flew from her hoofs.

  At last he reached the Home Farm. Two men were loitering in the
yard. He leapt from the saddle and threw the reins to one of them.
In the farthest stable a light was glimmering. Something seemed to
tell him that the body was there, and he hurried to the door, and
put his hand upon the latch.

  There he paused for a moment, feeling that he was on the brink of
a discovery that would either make or mar his life. Then he thrust the
door open, and entered.

  On a heap of sacking in the far corner was lying the dead body of
a man dressed in a coarse shirt and a pair of blue trousers. A spotted
handkerchief had been placed over the face. A coarse candle, stuck
in a bottle, sputtered beside it.

  Dorian Gray shuddered. He felt that his could not be the hand to
take the handkerchief away, and called out to one of the farm-servants
to come to him.

  "Take that thing off the face. I wish to see it," he said, clutching
at the door-post for support.

  When the farm-servant had done so, he stepped forward. A cry of
joy broke from his lips. The man who had been shot in the thicket
was James Vane.

  He stood there for some minutes looking at the dead body. As he rode
home, his eyes were full of tears, for he knew that he was safe.

                             CHAPTER XIX

  "There is no use your telling me that you are going to be good,"
cried Lord Henry, dipping his white fingers into a red copper bowl
filled with rose-water. "You are quite perfect. Pray, don't change."

  Dorian Gray shook his head. "No, Harry, I have done too many
dreadful things in my life. I am not going to do any more. I began
my good actions yesterday."

  "Where were you yesterday?"

  "In the country, Harry. I was staying at a little inn by myself."

  "My dear boy," said Lord Henry, smiling, "anybody can be good in the
country. There are no temptations there. That is the reason why people
who live out of town are so absolutely uncivilized. Civilization is
not by any means an easy thing to attain to. There are only two ways
by which man can reach it. One is by being cultured, the other by
being corrupt. Country people have no opportunity of being either,
so they stagnate."

  "Culture and corruption," echoed Dorian. "I have known something
of both. It seems terrible to me now that they should ever be found
together. For I have a new ideal, Harry. I am going to alter. I
think I have altered."

  "You have not yet told me what your good action was. Or did you
say you had done more than one?" asked his companion, as he spilt into
his plate a little crimson pyramid of seeded strawberries, and through
a perforated shell-shaped spoon snowed white sugar upon them.

  "I can tell you, Harry. It is not a story I could tell to any one
else. I spared somebody. It sounds vain, but you understand what I
mean. She was quite beautiful, and wonderfully like Sibyl Vane. I
think it was that which first attracted me to her. You remember Sibyl,
don't you? How long ago that seems! Well, Hetty was not one of our own
class, of course. She was simply a girl in a village. But I really
loved her. I am quite sure that I loved her. All during this wonderful
May that we have been having, I used to run down and see her two or
three times a week. Yesterday she met me in a little orchard. The
apple-blossoms kept tumbling down on her hair, and she was laughing.
We were to have gone away together this morning at dawn. Suddenly I
determined to leave her as flower-like as I had found her."

  "I should think the novelty of the emotion must have given you a
thrill of real pleasure, Dorian," interrupted Lord Henry. "But I can
finish your idyll for you. You gave her good advice, and broke her
heart. That was the beginning of your reformation."

  "Harry, you are horrible! You mustn't say these dreadful things.
Hetty's heart is not broken. Of course she cried, and all that. But
there is no disgrace upon her. She can live, like Perdita, in her
garden of mint and marigold."

  "And weep over faithless Florizel," said Lord Henry, laughing, as he
leant back in his chair. "My dear Dorian, you have the most
curiously boyish moods. Do you think this girl will ever be really
contented now with any one of her own rank? I suppose she will be
married some day to a rough carter or a grinning ploughman. Well,
the fact of having met you, and loved you, will teach her to despise
her husband, and she will be wretched. From a moral point of view, I
cannot say that I think much of your great renunciation. Even as a
beginning, it is poor. Besides, how do you know that Hetty isn't
floating at the present moment in some star-lit mill-pond, with lovely
water-lilies round her, like Ophelia?

  "I can't bear this, Harry! You mock at everything, and then
suggest the most serious tragedies. I am sorry I told you now. I don't
care what you say to me. I know I was right in acting as I did. Poor
Hetty! As I rode past the farm this morning, I saw her white face at
the window, like a spray of jasmine. Don't let us talk about it any
more, and don't try to persuade me that the first good action I have
done for years, the first little bit of self-sacrifice I have ever
known, is really a sort of sin. I want to be better. I am going to be
better. Tell me something about yourself. What is going on in town?
I have not been to the club for days."

  "The people are still discussing poor Basil's disappearance."

  "I should have thought they had got tired of that by this time,"
said Dorian, pouring himself out some wine, and frowning slightly.

  "My dear boy, they have only been talking about it for six weeks,
and the British public are really not equal to the mental strain of
having more than one topic every three months. They have been very
fortunate lately, however. They have had my own divorce-case, and Alan
Campbell's suicide. Now they have got the mysterious disappearance
of an artist. Scotland Yard still insists that the man in the grey
ulster who left for Paris by the midnight train on the ninth of
November was poor Basil, and the French police declare that Basil
never arrived in Paris at all. I suppose in about a fortnight we shall
be told that he has been seen in San Francisco. It is an odd thing,
but every one who disappears is said to be seen at San Francisco. It
must be a delightful city, and possess all the attractions of the next
world."

  "What do you think has happened to Basil?" asked Dorian, holding
up his Burgundy against the light, and wondering how it was he could
discuss the matter so calmly.

  "I have not the slightest idea. If Basil chooses to hide himself, it
is no business of mine. If he is dead, I don't want to think about
him. Death is the only thing that ever terrifies me. I hate it."

  "Why?" said the young man, wearily.

  "Because," said Lord Henry, passing beneath his nostrils the gilt
trellis of an open vinaigrette box, "one can survive everything
nowadays except that. Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in
the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away. Let us have our
coffee in the music-room, Dorian. You must play Chopin to me. The
man with whom my wife ran away played Chopin exquisitely. Poor
Victoria! I was very fond of her. The house is rather lonely without
her. Of course married life is merely a habit, a bad habit. But then
one regrets the loss even of one's worst habits. Perhaps one regrets
them the most. They are such an essential part of one's personality."

  Dorian said nothing, but rose from the table, and, passing into
the next room, sat down to the piano and let his fingers stray
across the white and black ivory of the keys. After the coffee had
been brought in, he stopped, and, looking over at Lord Henry, said,
"Harry, did it ever occur to you that Basil was murdered?"

  Lord Henry yawned. "Basil was very popular, and always wore a
Waterbury watch. Why should he have been murdered? He was not clever
enough to have enemies. Of course he had a wonderful genius for
painting. But a man can paint like Velasquez and yet be as dull as
possible. Basil was really rather dull. He only interested me once,
and that was when he told me, years ago, that he had a wild
adoration for you, and that you were the dominant motive of his art."

  "I was very fond of Basil," said Dorian, with a note of sadness in
his voice. "But don't people say that he was murdered?"

  "Oh, some of the papers do. It does not seem to me to be at all
probable. I know there are dreadful places in Paris, but Basil was not
the sort of man to have gone to them. He had no curiosity. It was
his chief defect."

  "What would you say, Harry, if I told you that I had murdered
Basil?" said the younger man. He watched him intently after he had
spoken.

  "I would say, my dear fellow, that you were posing for a character
that doesn't suit you. All crime is vulgar, just as all vulgarity is
crime. It is not in you, Dorian, to commit a murder. I am sorry if I
hurt your vanity by saying so, but I assure you it is true. Crime
belongs exclusively to the lower orders. I don't blame them in the
smallest degree. I should fancy that crime was to them what art is
to us, simply a method of procuring extraordinary sensations."

  "A method of procuring sensations? Do you think, then, that a man
who has once committed a murder could possibly do the same crime
again? Don't tell me that."

  "Oh! anything becomes a pleasure if one does it too often," cried
Lord Henry, laughing. "That is one of the most important secrets of
life. I should fancy, however, that murder is always a mistake. One
should never do anything that one cannot talk about after dinner.
But let us pass from poor Basil. I wish I could believe that he had
come to such a really romantic end as you suggest; but I can't. I dare
say he fell into the Seine off an omnibus, and that the conductor
hushed up the scandal. Yes: I should fancy that was his end. I see him
now lying on his back under those dull-green waters with the heavy
barges floating over him, and long weeds catching in his hair. Do
you know, I don't think he would have done much more good work. During
the last ten years his painting had gone off very much."

  Dorian heaved a sigh, and Lord Henry strolled across the room and
began to stroke the head of a curious Java parrot, a large
grey-plumaged bird, with pink crest and tail, that was balancing
itself upon a bamboo perch. As his pointed fingers touched it, it
dropped the white scurf of crinkled lids over black glass-like eyes,
and began to sway backwards and forwards.

  "Yes," he continued, turning round, and taking his handkerchief
out of his pocket; "his painting had quite gone off. It seemed to me
to have lost something. It had lost an ideal. When you and he ceased
to be great friends, he ceased to be a great artist. What was it
separated you? I suppose he bored you. If so, he never forgave you.
It's a habit bores have. By the way, what has become of that wonderful
portrait he did of you? I don't think I have ever seen it since he
finished it. Oh! I remember your telling me years ago that you had
sent it down to Selby, and that it had got mislaid or stolen on the
way. You never got it back? What a pity! It was really a
masterpiece. I remember I wanted to buy it. I wish I had now. It
belonged to Basil's best period. Since then, his work was that curious
mixture of bad painting and good intentions that always entitles a man
to be called a representative British artist. Did you advertise for
it? You should."

  "I forget," said Dorian. "I suppose I did. But I never really
liked it. I am sorry I sat for it. The memory of the thing is
hateful to me. Why do you talk of it? It used to remind me of those
curious lines in some play- 'Hamlet,' I think- how do they run?-

                    "'Like the painting of a sorrow,

                  A face without a heart.'

Yes: that is what it was like."

  Lord Henry laughed. "If a man treats life artistically, his brain is
his heart," he answered, sinking into an arm-chair.

  Dorian Gray shook his head, and struck some soft chords on the
piano. "'Like the painting of a sorrow?'" he repeated, "'a face
without a heart.'"

  The elder man lay back and looked at him with half-closed eyes.
"By the way, Dorian," he said, after a pause, "'what does it profit
a man if he gain the whole world and lose'- how does the quotation
run?- 'his own soul?'"

  The music jarred and Dorian Gray started, and stared at his
friend. "Why do you ask me that, Harry?"

  "My dear fellow," said Lord Henry, elevating his eyebrows in
surprise, "I asked you because I thought you might be able to give
me an answer. That is all. I was going through the Park last Sunday,
and close by the Marble Arch there stood a little crowd of
shabby-looking people listening to some vulgar street-preacher. As I
passed by, I heard the man yelling out that question to his
audience. It struck me as being rather dramatic. London is very rich
in curious effects of that kind. A wet Sunday, an uncouth Christian in
a mackintosh, a ring of sickly white faces under a broken roof of
dripping umbrellas, and a wonderful phrase flung into the air by
shrill, hysterical lips- it was really very good in its way, quite a
suggestion. I thought of telling the prophet that Art had a soul,
but that man had not. I am afraid, however, he would not have
understood me."

  "Don't, Harry. The soul is a terrible reality. It can be bought, and
sold, and bartered away. It can be poisoned, or made perfect. There is
a soul in each one of us. I know it."

  "Do you feel quite sure of that, Dorian?"

  "Quite sure."

  "Ah! then it must be an illusion. The things one feels absolutely
certain about are never true. That is the fatality of Faith, and the
lesson of Romance. How grave you are! Don't be so serious. What have
you or I to do with the superstitions of our age? No: we have given up
our belief in the soul. Play me something. Play me a nocturne, Dorian,
and, as you play, tell me, in a low voice, how you have kept your
youth. You must have some secret. I am only ten years older than you
are, and I am wrinkled, and worn, and yellow. You are really
wonderful, Dorian. You have never looked more charming than you do
to-night. You remind me of the day I saw you first. You were rather
cheeky, very shy, and absolutely extraordinary. You have changed, of
course, but not in appearance. I wish you would tell me your secret.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take
exercise, get up early, or be respectable. Youth! There is nothing
like it. It's absurd to talk of the ignorance of youth. The only
people to whose opinions I listen now with any respect are people much
younger than myself. They seem in front of me. Life has revealed to
them her latest wonder. As for the aged, I always contradict the aged.
I do it on principle. If you ask them their opinion on something
that happened yesterday, they solemnly give you the opinions current
in 1820, when people wore high stocks, believed in everything, and
knew absolutely nothing. How lovely that thing you are playing is! I
wonder did Chopin write it at Majorca, with the sea weeping round
the villa, and the salt spray dashing against the panes? It is
marvellously romantic. What a blessing it is that there is one art
left to us that is not imitative! Don't stop. I want music to-night.
It seems to me that you are the young Apollo, and that I am Marsyas
listening to you. I have sorrows, Dorian, of my own, that even you
know nothing of. The tragedy of old age is not that one is old, but
that one is young. I am amazed sometimes at my own sincerity. Ah,
Dorian, how happy you are! What an exquisite life you have had! You
have drunk deeply of everything. You have crushed the grapes against
your palate. Nothing has been hidden from you. And it has all been
to you no more than the sound of music. It has not marred you. You are
still the same."

  "I am not the same, Harry."

  "Yes: you are the same. I wonder what the rest of your life will be.
Don't spoil it by renunciations. At present you are a perfect type.
Don't make yourself incomplete. You are quite flawless now. You need
not shake your head: you know you are. Besides, Dorian, don't
deceive yourself. Life is not governed by will or intention. Life is a
question of nerves, and fibres, and slowly built-up cells in which
thought hides itself and passion has its dreams. You may fancy
yourself safe, and think yourself strong. But a chance tone of
colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had
once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a
forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a
piece of music that you had ceased to play- I tell you, Dorian, that
it is on things like these that our lives depend. Browning writes
about that somewhere; but our own senses will imagine them for us.
There are moments when the odour of lilas blanc passes suddenly across
me, and I have to live the strangest month of my life over again. I
wish I could change places with you, Dorian. The world has cried out
against us both, but it has always worshipped you. It always will
worship you. You are the type of what the age is searching for, and
what it is afraid it has found. I am so glad that you have never
done anything, never carved a statue, or painted a picture, or
produced anything outside yourself! Life has been your art. You have
set yourself to music. Your days are your sonnets."

  Dorian rose up from the piano, and passed his hand through his hair.
"Yes, life has been exquisite," he murmured, "but I am not going to
have the same life, Harry. And you must not say these extravagant
things to me. You don't know everything about me. I think that if
you did, even you would turn from me. You laugh. Don't laugh."

  "Why have you stopped playing, Dorian? Go back and give me the
nocturne over again. Look at that great honey-coloured moon that hangs
in the dusky air. She is waiting for you to charm her, and if you play
she will come closer to the earth. You won't? Let us go to the club,
then. It has been a charming evening, and we must end it charmingly.
There is some one at White's who wants immensely to know you- young
Lord Poole, Bournemouth's eldest son. He has already copied your
neckties, and has begged me to introduce him to you. He is quite
delightful, and rather reminds me of you."

  "I hope not," said Dorian, with a sad look in his eyes. "But I am
tired to-night, Harry. I sha'n't go to the club. It is nearly
eleven, and I want to go to bed early."

  "Do stay. You have never played so well as to-night. There was
something in your touch that was wonderful. It had more expression
than I had ever heard from it before."

  "It is because I am going to be good," he answered, smiling. "I am a
little changed already."

  "You cannot change to me, Dorian," said Lord Henry. "You and I
will always be friends."

  "Yet you poisoned me with a book once. I should not forgive that.
Harry, promise me that you will never lend that book to any one. It
does harm."

  "My dear boy, you are really beginning to moralize. You will soon be
going about like the converted, and the revivalist, warning people
against all the sins of which you have grown tired. You are much too
delightful to do that. Besides, it is no use. You and I are what we
are, and will be what we will be. As for being poisoned by a book,
there is no such thing as that. Art has no influence upon action. It
annihilates the desire to act. It is superbly sterile. The books
that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own
shame. That is all. But we won't discuss literature. Come round
to-morrow. I am going to ride at eleven. We might go together, and I
will take you to lunch afterwards with Lady Branksome. She is a
charming woman, and wants to consult you about some tapestries she
is thinking of buying. Mind you come. Or shall we lunch with our
little Duchess? She says she never sees you now. Perhaps you are tired
of Gladys? I thought you would be. Her clever tongue gets on one's
nerves. Well, in any case, be here at eleven."

  "Must I really come, Harry?"

  "Certainly. The Park is quite lovely now. I don't think there have
been such lilacs since the year I met you."

  "Very well. I shall be here at eleven," said Dorian. "Good-night,
Harry." As he reached the door he hesitated for a moment, as if he had
something more to say. Then he sighed and went out.

                              CHAPTER XX

  It was a lovely night, so warm that he threw his coat over his
arm, and did not even put his silk scarf round his throat. As he
strolled home, smoking his cigarette, two young men in evening dress
passed him. He heard one of them whisper to the other, "That is Dorian
Gray." He remembered how pleased he used to be when he was pointed
out, or stared at, or talked about. He was tired of hearing his own
name now. Half the charm of the little village where he had been so
often lately was that no one knew who he was. He had often told the
girl whom he had lured to love him that he was poor, and she had
believed him. He had told her once that he was wicked, and she had
laughed at him, and answered that wicked people were always very old
and very ugly. What a laugh she had!- just like a thrush singing.
And how pretty she had been in her cotton dresses and her large
hats! She knew nothing, but she had everything that he had lost.

  When he reached home, he found his servant waiting up for him. He
sent him to bed, and threw himself down on the sofa in the library,
and began to think over some of the things that Lord Henry had said to
him.

  Was it really true that one could never change? He felt a wild
longing for the unstained purity of his boyhood- his rose-white
boyhood, as Lord Henry had once called it. He knew that he had
tarnished himself, filled his mind with corruption and given horror to
his fancy; that he had been an evil influence to others and had
experienced a terrible joy in being so; and that of the lives that had
crossed his own it had been the fairest and the most full of promise
that he had brought to shame. But was it all irretrievable? Was
there no hope for him?

  Ah! in what a monstrous moment of pride and passion he had prayed
that the portrait should bear the burden of his days, and he keep
the unsullied splendour of eternal youth! All his failure had been due
to that. Better for him that each sin of his life had brought its
sure, swift penalty along with it. There was purification in
punishment. Not "Forgive us our sins" but "Smite us for our
iniquities" should be the prayer of man to a most just God.

  The curiously-carved mirror that Lord Henry had given to him, so
many years ago now, was standing on the table, and the white-limbed
Cupids laughed round it as of old. He took it up, as he had done on
that night of horror, when he had first noted the change in the
fatal picture, and with wild tear-dimmed eyes looked into its polished
shield. Once, some one who had terribly loved him, had written to
him a mad letter, ending with these idolatrous words: "The world is
changed because you are made of ivory, and gold. The curves of your
lips rewrite history." The phrases came back to his memory, and he
repeated them over and over to himself. Then he loathed his own
beauty, and flinging the mirror to the floor crushed it into silver
splinters beneath his heel. It was his beauty that had ruined him, his
beauty and the youth that he had prayed for. But for these two things,
his life might have been free from stain. His beauty had been to him
but a mask, his youth but a mockery. What was youth at best? A
green, an unripe time, a time of shallow moods, and sickly thoughts.
Why had he worn its livery? Youth had spoiled him.

  It was better not to think of the past. Nothing could alter that. It
was of himself, and of his own future, that he had to think. James
Vane was hidden in a nameless grave in Selby churchyard. Alan Campbell
had shot himself one night in his laboratory, but had not revealed the
secret that he had been forced to know. The excitement, such as it
was, over Basil Hallward's disappearance would soon pass away. It
was already waning. He was perfectly safe there. Nor, indeed, was it
the death of Basil Hallward that weighed most upon his mind. It was
the living death of his own soul that troubled him. Basil had
painted the portrait that had marred his life. He could not forgive
him that. It was the portrait that had done everything. Basil had said
things to him that were unbearable, and that he had yet borne with
patience. The murder had been simply the madness of a moment. As for
Alan Campbell, his suicide had been his own act. He had chosen to do
it. It was nothing to him.

  A new life! That was what he wanted. That was what he was waiting
for. Surely he had begun it already. He had spared one innocent thing,
at any rate. He would never again tempt innocence. He would be good.

  As he thought of Hetty Merton, he began to wonder if the portrait in
the locked room had changed. Surely it was not still so horrible as it
had been? Perhaps if his life became pure, he would be able to expel
every sign of evil passion from the face. Perhaps the signs of evil
had already gone away. He would go and look.

  He took the lamp from the table and crept upstairs. As he unbarred
the door, a smile of joy flitted across his strangely young-looking
face and lingered for a moment about his lips. Yes, he would be
good, and the hideous thing that he had hidden away would no longer be
a terror to him. He felt as if the load had been lifted from him
already.

  He went in quietly, locking the door behind him, as was his
custom, and dragged the purple hanging from the portrait. A cry of
pain and indignation broke from him. He could see no change, save that
in the eyes there was a look of cunning, and in the mouth the curved
wrinkle of the hypocrite. The thing was still loathsome- more
loathsome, if possible, than before- and the scarlet dew that
spotted the hand seemed brighter, and more like blood newly spilt.
Then he trembled. Had it been merely vanity that had made him do his
one good deed? Or the desire for a new sensation, as Lord Henry had
hinted, with his mocking laugh? Or that passion to act a part that
sometimes makes us do things finer than we are ourselves? Or, perhaps,
all these? And why was the red stain larger than it had been? It
seemed to have crept like a horrible disease over the wrinkled
fingers. There was blood on the painted feet, as though the thing
had dripped- blood even on the hand that had not held the knife.
Confess? Did it mean that he was to confess? To give himself up, and
be put to death? He laughed. He felt that the idea was monstrous.
Besides, even if he did confess, who would believe him? There was no
trace of the murdered man anywhere. Everything belonging to him had
been destroyed. He himself had burned what had been below-stairs.
The world would simply say that he was mad. They would shut him up
if he persisted in his story.... Yet it was his duty to confess, to
suffer public shame, and to make public atonement. There was a God who
called upon men to tell their sins to earth as well as to heaven.
Nothing that he could do would cleanse him till he had told his own
sin. His sin? He shrugged his shoulders. The death of Basil Hallward
seemed very little to him. He was thinking of Hetty Merton. For it was
an unjust mirror, this mirror of his soul that he was looking at.
Vanity? Curiosity? Hypocrisy? Had there been nothing more in his
renunciation than that? There had been something more. At least he
thought so. But who could tell?... No. There had been nothing more.
Through vanity he had spared her. In hypocrisy he had worn the mask of
goodness. For curiosity's sake he had tried the denial of self. He
recognized that now.

  But this murder- was it to dog him all his life? Was he always to be
burdened by his past? Was he really to confess? Never. There was
only one bit of evidence left against him. The picture itself- that
was evidence. He would destroy it. Why had he kept it so long? Once it
had given him pleasure to watch it changing and growing old. Of late
he had felt no such pleasure. It had kept him awake at night. When
he had been away, he had been filled with terror lest other eyes
should look upon it. It had brought melancholy across his passions.
Its mere memory had marred many moments of joy. It had been like
conscience to him. Yes, it had been conscience. He would destroy it.

  He looked round, and saw the knife that had stabbed Basil
Hallward. He had cleaned it many times, till there was no stain left
upon it. It was bright, and glistened. As it had killed the painter,
so it would kill the painter's work, and all that that meant. It would
kill the past, and when that was dead he would be free. It would
kill this monstrous soul-life, and without its hideous warnings, he
would be at peace. He seized the thing, and stabbed the picture with
it.

  There was a cry heard, and a crash. The cry was so horrible in its
agony that the frightened servants woke, and crept out of their rooms.
Two gentlemen, who were passing in the Square below, stopped, and
looked up at the great house. They walked on till they met a
policeman, and brought him back. The man rang the bell several
times, but there was no answer. Except for a light in one of the top
windows, the house was all dark. After a time, he went away, and stood
in an adjoining portico and watched.

  "Whose house is that, constable?" asked the elder of the two
gentlemen.

  "Mr. Dorian Gray's, sir," answered the policeman.

  They looked at each other, as they walked away, and sneered. One
of them was Sir Henry Ashton's uncle.

  Inside, in the servants' part of the house, the half-clad
domestics were talking in low whispers to each other. Old Mrs. Leaf
was crying, and wringing her hands. Francis was as pale as death.

  After about a quarter of an hour, he got the coachman and one of the
footmen and crept upstairs. They knocked, but there was no reply. They
called out. Everything was still. Finally, after vainly trying to
force the door, they got on the roof, and dropped down on to the
balcony. The windows yielded easily: their bolts were old.

  When they entered, they found hanging upon the wall a splendid
portrait of their master as they had last seen him, in all the
wonder of his exquisite youth and beauty. Lying on the floor was a
dead man, in evening dress, with a knife in his heart. He was
withered, wrinkled, and loathsome of visage. It was not till they
had examined the rings that they recognized who it was.      A year ago I breathed the Italian air,-
    And yet, methinks this northern Spring is fair,-
    These fields made golden with the flower of March,
    The throstle singing on the fathered larch,
    The cawing rooks, the wood-doves fluttering by,
    The little clouds that race across the sky;
    And fair the violet's gentle drooping head,
    The primrose, pale for love uncomforted,
    The rose that burgeons on the climbing briar,
    The crocus-bed, (that seems a moon of fire
    Round-girdled with a purple marriage-ring);
    And all the flowers of oar English Spring,
    Fond snow-drops, and the bright-starred daffodil.
    Up starts the lark beside the murmuring mill,
    And breaks the gossamer-threads of early dew;
    And down the river, like a flame of blue,
    Keene as an arrow flies the water-king,
    While the brown linnets in the greenwood sing.
    A year ago!- it seems a little time
    Since last I saw that lordly southern clime,
    Where flower and fruit to purple radiance blow,
    And like bright lamps the fabled apples grow.
    Full Spring it was- and by rich flowing vines,
    Dark olive-groves and noble forest-pines,
    I rode at will; the moist glad air was sweet,
    The white road rang beneath my horse's feet,
    And musing on Ravenna's ancient name,
    I watched the day till, marked with wounds of flame,
    The turquoise sky to burnished gold was turned.

      O how my heart with boyish passion burned,
    When far away across the sedge and mere
    I saw that Holy City rising clear,
    Crowned with her crown of towers!- On and on
    I galloped, racing with the setting sun,
    And ere the crimson after-glow was passed,
    I stood within Ravenna's walls at last!
                        II

      How strangely still! no sound of life or joy
    Startles the air! no laughing shepherd-boy
    Pipes on his reed, nor ever through the day
    Comes the glad sound of children at their play:
    O sad, and sweet, and silent! surely here
    A man might dwell apart from troublous fear,
    Watching the tide of seasons as they flow
    From amorous Spring to Winter's rain and snow,
    And have no thought of sorrow;- here, indeed,
    Are Lethe's waters, and that fatal weed
    Which makes a man forget his fatherland.

      Ay! amid lotus-meadows dost thou stand,
    Like Proserpine, with poppy-laden head,
    Guarding the holy ashes of the dead.
    For though thy brood of warrior sons hath ceased,
    Thy noble dead are with thee!- they at least
    Are faithful to thine honour:- guard them well,
    O childless city! for a mighty spell,
    To wake men's hearts to dream of things sublime,
    Are the lone tombs where rest the Great of Time.
                          III

      Yon lonely pillar, rising on the plain,
    Marks where the bravest knight of France was slain,-
    The Prince of chivalry, the Lord of war,
    Gaston de Foix: for some untimely star
    Led him against thy city, and he fell,
    As falls some forest-lion fighting well.
    Taken from life while life and love were new,
    He lies beneath God's seamless veil of blue;
    Tall lance-like reeds wave sadly o'er his head,
    And oleanders bloom to deeper red,
    Where his bright youth flowed crimson on the ground.

      Look farther north unto that broken mound,-
    There, prisoned now within a lordly tomb
    Raised by a daughter's hand, in lonely gloom,
    Huge-limbed Theodoric, the Gothic king,
    Sleeps after all his weary conquering.
    Time hath not spared his ruin,- wind and rain
    Have broken down his stronghold; and again
    We see that Death is mighty lord of all,
    And king and clown to ashen dust must fall.

      Mighty indeed their glory! yet to me
    Barbaric king, or knight of chivalry,
    Or the great queen herself, were poor  and vain
    Beside the grave where Dante rests from pain.
    His gilded shrine lies open to the air;
    And cunning sculptor's hands have carven there
    The calm white brow, as calm as earliest morn,
    The eyes that flashed with passionate love and scorn,
    The lips that sang of Heaven and of Hell,
    The almond-face which Giotto drew so well,
    The weary face of Dante;- to this day,
    Here in his place of resting, far away
    From Arno's yellow waters, rushing down
    Through the wide bridges of that fairy town,
    Where the tall tower of Giotto seems to rise
    A marble lily under sapphire skies!
    Alas! my Dante! thou hast known the pain
    Of meaner lives,- the exile's- galling chain,
    How steep the stairs within king's houses are,
    And all the petty miseries which mar
    Man's nobler nature with the sense of wrong.
    Yet this dull world is grateful for thy song;
    Our nations do thee homage,- even she,
    That cruel queen of vine-clad Tuscany,
    Who bound with crown of thorns thy living brow,
    Hath decked thine empty tomb with laurels now,
    And begs in vain the ashes of her son.

      O mightiest exile! all thy grief is done:
    Thy soul walks now beside thy Beatrice;
    Ravenna guards thine ashes: sleep in peace.
                        IV

      How lone this palace is; how grey the walls!
    No minstrel now wakes echoes in these halls.
    The broken chain lies rusting on the door,
    And noisome weeds have split the marble floor:
    Here lurks the snake, and here the lizards run
    By the stone lions blinking in the sun.
    Byron dwelt here in love and revelry
    For two long years- a second Anthony,
    Who of world another Actium made!-
    Yet suffered not his royal soul to fade,
    Or lyre to break, or lance to grow less keen,
    'Neath any wiles of an Egyptian queen.
    For from the East there came a mighty cry,
    And Greece stood up to fight for Liberty,
    And called him from Ravenna: never knight
    Rode forth more nobly to wild scenes of fight!
    None fell more bravely on ensanguined field,
    Borne like a Spartan back upon his shield!
    O Hellas! Hellas! in thine hour of pride,
    Thy day of might, remember him who died
    To wrest from off thy limbs the trammelling chain:
    O Salamis! O lone Plataean plain!
    O tossing waves of wild Euboean sea!
    O wind-swept heights of lone Thermopylae!
    He loved you well- ay, not alone in word,
    Who freely gave to thee his lyre and sword
    Like Aeschylus at well-fought Marathon:

      And England, too, shall glory in her son,
    Her warrior-poet, first in song and fight.
    No longer now, shall Slander's venomed spite
    Crawl like a snake across his perfect name,
    Or mar the lordly scutcheon of his fame.

      For as the olive-garland of the race
    Which lights with joy each eager runner's face,
    As the red cross which saveth men in war,
    As a flame-bearded beacon seen from far
    By mariners upon a storm-tossed sea,-
    Such was his love for Greece and Liberty!

      Byron, thy crowns are ever fresh and green:
    Red leaves of rose from Sapphic Mitylene
    Shall bind thy brows; the myrtle blooms for thee,
    In hidden glades by lonely Castaly;
    The laurels wait thy coming: all are thine,
    And round thy head one perfect wreath will twine.
                        V

      The pine-tops rocked before the evening breeze
    With the hoarse murmur of the wintry seas,
    And the tall stems were streaked with amber bright;-
    I wandered through the wood in wild delight,
    Some startled bird, with fluttering wings and fleet,
    Made snow of all the blossoms: at my feet,
    Like silver crowns, the pale narcissi lay,
    And small birds sang on every twining spray.
    O waving trees, O forest liberty!
    Within your haunts at least a man is free,
    And half forgets the weary world of strife:
    The blood flows hotter, and a sense of life
    Wakes i' the quickening veins, while once again
    The woods are filled with gods we fancied slain.
    Long time I watched, and surely hoped to see
    Some goat-foot Pan make merry minstrelsy
    Amid the reed! some startled Dryad-maid
    In girlish flight! or lurking in the glade,
    The soft brown limbs, the wanton treacherous face
    Of woodland god! Queen Dian in the chase,
    White-limbed and terrible, with look of pride,
    And leash of boar-hounds leaping at her side!
    Or Hylas mirrored in the perfect stream.

      O idle heart! O fond Hellenic dream!
    Ere long, with melancholy rise and swell,
    The evening chimes, the convent's vesper-bell
    Struck on mine ears amid the amorous flowers.
    Alas! alas! these sweet and honied hours
    Had 'whelmed my heart like some encroaching sea,
    And drowned all thoughts of black Gethsemane.
                        VI

      O lone Ravenna! many a tale is told
    Of thy great glories in the days of old:
    Two thousand years have passed since thou didst see
    Caesar ride forth in royal victory.
    Mighty thy name when Rome's lean eagles flew
    From Britain's isles to far Euphrates blue;
    And of the peoples thou wast noble queen,
    Till in thy streets the Goth and Hun were seen.
    Discrowned by man, deserted by the sea,
    Thou sleepest, rocked in lonely misery!
    No longer now upon thy swelling tide,
    Pine-forest like, thy myriad galleys ride!
    For where the brass-beaked ships were wont to float,
    The weary shepherd pipes his mourning note;
    And the white sheep are free to come and go
    Where Adria's purple waters used to flow.

      O fair! O sad! O Queen uncomforted!
    In ruined loveliness thou liest dead,
    Alone of all thy sisters; for at last
    Italia's royal warrior hath passed
    Rome's lordliest entrance, and hath worn his crown
    In the high temples of the Eternal Town!
    The Palatine hath welcomed back her king,
    And with his name the seven mountains ring!

      And Naples hath outlived her dream of pain,
    And mocks her tyrant! Venice lives again,
    New risen from the waters! and the cry
    Of Light and Truth, of Love and Liberty,
    Is heard in lordly Genoa, and where
    The marble spires of Milan wound the air,
    Rings from the Alps to the Sicilian shore,
    And Dante's dream is now a dream no more.

      But thou, Ravenna, better loved than all,
    Thy ruined palaces are but a pall
    That hides thy fallen greatness! and thy name
    Burns like a grey and flickering candle-flame,
    Beneath the noon-day splendour of the sun
    Of new Italia! for the night is done,
    The night of dark oppression, and the day
    Hath dawned in passionate splendour: far away
    The Austrian hounds are hunted from the land,
    Beyond those ice-crowned citadels which stand
    Girdling the plain of royal Lombardy,
    From the far West unto the Eastern sea.

      I know, indeed, that sons of thine have died
    In Lissa's waters, by the mountain-side
    Of Aspromonte, on Novara's plain,-
    Nor have thy children died for thee in vain:
    And yet, methinks, thou hast not drunk this wine
    From grapes new-crushed of Liberty divine,
    Thou hast not followed that immortal Star
    Which leads the people forth to deeds of war.
    Weary of life, thou liest in silent sleep,
    As one who marks the lengthening shadows creep,
    Careless of all the hurrying hours that run,
    Mourning some day of glory, for the sun
    Of freedom hath not shown to thee his face,
    And thou hast caught no flambeau in the race.

      Yet wake not from thy slumbers,- rest thee well,
    Amidst thy fields of amber asphodel,
    Thy lily-sprinkled meadows,- rest thee there,
    To mock all human greatness: who would dare
    To vent the paltry sorrows of his life
    Before thy ruins, or to praise the strife
    Of kings' ambition, and the barren pride
    Of warrior nations! wert not thou the Bride
    Of the wild Lord of Adria's stormy sea!
    The Queen of double Empires! and to thee
    Were not the nations given as thy prey!
    And now- thy gates lie open night and day,
    The grass grows green on every tower and hall,
    The ghastly fig hath cleft thy bastioned wall;
    And where thy mailed warriors stood at rest
    The midnight owl hath made her secret nest.
    O fallen! fallen! from thy high estate,
    O city trammelled in the toils of Fate,
    Doth nought remain of all thy glorious days,
    But a dull shield, a crown of withered bays!

      Yet who beneath this night of wars and fears,
    From tranquil tower can watch the coming years;
    Who can fortell what joys the day shall bring,
    Or why before the dawn the linnets sing?
    Thou, even thou, mayst wake, as wakes the rose
    To crimson splendour from its grave of snows;
    As the rich corn-fields rise to red and gold
    From these brown lands, now stiff with Winter's cold
    As from the storm-rack comes a perfect star!

      O much-loved city! I have wandered far
    From the wave-circled islands of my home,
    Have seen the gloomy mystery of the Dome
    Rise slowly from the drear Campagna's way,
    Clothed in the royal purple of the day
    I from the city of the violet crown
    Have watched the sun by Corinth's hill go down,
    And marked the "myriad laughter"
    From the hills of flower-starred Arkady;
    Yet back to thee returns my perfect love,
    As to its forest-nest the evening dove.

      O poet's city! one who scarce has seen
    Some twenty summers cast their doublets green,
    For Autumn's livery, would seek in vain
    To wake his lyre to sing a louder strain,
    Or tell thy days of glory;- poor indeed
    Is the low murmur of the shepherd's reed,
    Where the loud clarion's blast should shake the sky,
    And flame across the heavens! and to try
    Such lofty themes were folly: yet I know
    That never felt my heart yet nobler glow
    That when felt my the silence of thy street
    With clamorous trampling of my horse's feet,
    And saw the city which now I try to sing,
    After long days of weary travelling.
                       VII

      Adieu, Ravenna! but a year ago,
    I stood and watched the crimson sunset glow
    From the lone chapel on thy marshy plain:
    The sky was as a shield that caught the stain
    Of blood and battle from the dying sun,
    And in the west the circling clouds had spun
    A royal robe, which some great God might wear,
    While into ocean-seas of purple air
    Sank the gold galley of the Lord of Light.

      Yet here the gentle stillness of the night
    Brings back the swelling tide of memory,
    And wakes again my passionate love for thee:
    Now is the Spring of Love, yet soon will come
    On meadow and tree the Summer's lordly bloom:
    And soon the grass with brighter flowers will blow,
    And send up lilies for some boy to mow.
    Then before long the Summer's conqueror,
    Rich Autumn-time, the season's usurer,
    Will lend his hoarded gold to all the trees,
    And see it scattered by the spend-thrift breeze;
    And after that the Winter cold and drear.
    So runs the perfect cycle of the year.
    And so from youth to manhood do we go,
    And fall to weary days and locks of snow.
    Love only knows no winter; never dies:
    Nor cares for frowning storms or leaden skies.
    And mine for thee shall never pass away,
    Though my weak lips may falter in my lay.

      Adieu! Adieu! yon silent evening star,
    The night's ambassador, doth gleam afar,
    And bid the shepherd bring his flocks to fold.
    Perchance before our inland seas of gold
    Are garnered by, the reapers into sheaves,
    Perchance before I see the Autumn leaves,
    I may behold thy city; and lay down
    Low at thy feet the poet's laurel crown.

      Adieu! Adieu! yon silver lamp, the moon,
    Which turns our midnight into perfect noon,
    Doth surely light thy towers, guarding well
    Where Dante sleeps, where Byron loved to dwell.                         HELAS

        To drift with every passion till my soul
        Is a stringed lute on which all winds can play,
        Is it for this that I have given away
        Mine ancient wisdom, and austere control?-
        Methinks my life is a twice-written scroll
        Scrawled over on some boyish holiday
        With idle songs for pipe and virelay
        Which do but mar the secret of the whole.
        Surely that was a time I might have trod
        The sunlit heights, and from life's dissonance
        Struck one clear chord to reach the ears of God;
        is that time dead? lo! with a little rod
        I did but touch the honey of romance-
        And must I lose a soul's inheritance?
                         REQUIESCAT

                Tread lightly, she is near
                  Under the snow,
                Speak gently, she can hear
                  The daisies grow.

                All her bright golden hair
                  Tarnished with rust,
                She that was young and fair
                  Fallen to dust.

                Lily-like, white as snow,
                  She hardly knew
                She was a woman, so
                  Sweetly she grew.

                Coffin-board, heavy stone,
                  Lie on her breast,
                I vex my heart alone
                  She is at rest.

                Peace, Peace, she cannot hear
                  Lyre or sonnet,
                All my life's buried here,
                  Heap earth upon it.

                Avignon
                   SALVE SATURNIA TELLUS

        I reached the Alps: the soul within me burned
          Italia, my Italia, at thy name:
          And when from out the mountain's heart I came
        And saw the land for which my life had yearned,
        I laughed as one who some great prize had earned:
          And musing on the story of thy fame
          I watched the day, till marked with wounds of flame
        The turquoise sky to burnished gold was turned
        The pine-trees waved as waves a woman's hair,
          And in the orchards every twining spray
          Was breaking into flakes of blossoming foam:
        But when I knew that far away at Rome
          In evil bonds a second Peter lay,
          I wept to see the land so very fair.

        Turin
                    SAN MINIATO

        See, I have climbed the mountain side
          Up to this holy house of God,
          Where once that Angel-Painter trod
        Who say the heavens opened wide,

        And throned upon the crescent moon
          The Virginal white Queen of Grace,-
          Mary! could I but see thy face
        Death could not come at all too soon.

        O crowned by God with thorns and pain!
          Mother of Christ! O mystic wife!
          My heart is weary of this life
        And over-sad to sing again.
        O crowned by, God with love and flame!
          O crowned by Christ the Holy One!
          O listen ere the searching sun
        Show to the world my sin and shame.
                AVE MARIA PLENA GRATIA

        Was this his coming! I had hoped to see
          A scene wondrous glory, as was told
          Of some great God who a rain of gold
        Broke open bars and fell on Danae:
        Or a dread vision as when Semele
          Sickening for love and unappeased desire
          Prayed to see God's clear body, and the fire
        Caught her white limbs and slew her utterly:
        With such glad dreams I sought this holy place,
          And now with wondering eyes and heart I stand
          Before this supreme mystery of Love:
        A kneeling girl with passionless pale face,
          An angel with a lily in his hand,
          And over both with outstretched wings the Dove.

        Florence
                            ITALIA

        Italia! thou art fallen, though with sheen
          Of battle-spears thy clamorous armies stride
          From the North Alps to the Sicilian tide!
        Ay! fallen, though the nations hail thee Queen
        Because rich gold in every town is seen,
          An on thy sapphire lake, in tossing pride
          Of wind-filled vans thy myriad galleys ride
        Beneath one flag of red and white and green.
        O Fair and Strong! O Strong and Fair in vain!
          Look southward where Rome's desecrated town
          Lies mourning for her God-anointed King?
        Look heavenward! shall God allow this thing?
          Nay! but some flame-girt Raphael shall come down,
        And smite the Spoiler with the sword of pain.

        Venice
                           SONNET

        I wandered in Scoglietto's green retreat,
          The oranges on each o'erhanging spray
          Burned as bright lamps of gold to shame the day
        Some startled bird with fluttering wings and fleet
        Made snow of all the blossoms, at my feet
          Like silver moons the pale narcissi lay:
          And the curved waves that streaked the sapphire bay
        Laughed i' the sun, and life seemed very sweet.
        Outside the young boy-priest passed singing clear,
          "Jesus the Son of Mary has been slain,
          O come and fill his sepulchre with flowers."
        Ah, God! Ah, God! those dear Hellenic hours
          Had drowned all memory of thy bitter pain,
          The Cross, the Crown, the Soldiers, and the Spear.

        Genoa, Holy Week
                     ROME UNVISITED

                            I

        The corn has turned from gray to red,
          Since first my spirit wandered forth
          From the drear cities of the north,
        And to Italia's mountains fled.

        And here I set my face toward home,
          For all my pilgrimage is done,
          Although, methinks, yon blood-red sun
          Marshals the way to Holy Rome.

        O Blessed Lady, who dost hold
          Upon the seven hills thy reign!
          O Mother without blot or stain,
        Crowned with bright crowns of triple gold!

        O Roma, Roma, at thy feet
          I lay this barren gift of song!
          For, ah! the way is steep and long
        That leads unto thy sacred street.
                     ROME UNVISITED

                           II

        And yet what joy it were for me
          To turn my feet unto the south,
          And journeying toward the Tiber mouth
        To kneel again at Fiesole!

        And wandering through the tangled pines
          That break the gold of Arno's stream,
          To see the purple mist and gleam
        Of morning on the Apennines.

        By many a vineyard-hidden home,
          Orchard, and olive-garden gray,
          Till from the drear Campagna's way
        The seven hills bear up the dome!
                     ROME UNVISITED

                           III

        A pilgrim from the northern seas-
          What joy for me to seek alone
          The wondrous Temple, and the throne
        Of Him who holds the awful keys!

        When, bright with purple and with gold,
          Come priest and holy Cardinal,
          And borne above the heads of all
        The gentle Shepherd of the Fold.

        O joy to see before I die
          The only God-anointed King,
          And hear the silver trumpets ring
        A triumph as He passes by.

        Or at the altar of the shrine
          Holds high the mystic sacrifice,
          And shows a God to human eyes
        Beneath the veil of bread and wine.
                     ROME UNVISITED

                           IV

        For lo, what changes time can bring!
          The cycles of revolving years
          May free my heart from all its fears,-
        And teach my lips a song to sing.

        Before yon field of trembling gold
          Is garnered into dusty sheaves,
          Or ere the autumn's scarlet leaves
        Flutter as birds adown the wold,

        I may have run the glorious race,
          And caught the torch while yet aflame,
          And called upon the holy name
        Of Him who now doth hide His face.

        Aruna
                      URBS SACRA AETERNA

        Rome! What a scroll of History thine has been!
          In the first days thy sword republican
          Ruled the whole world for many an age's span:
        Then of thy peoples thou wert crowned Queen,
        Till in thy streets the bearded Goth was seen;
          And now upon thy walls the breezes fan
          (Ah, city crowned by God, discrowned by man!)
        The hated flag of red and white and green.
        When was thy glory! when in search for power
          Thine eagles flew to greet the double sun,
          And all the nations trembled at thy rod?
        Nay, but thy glory tarried for this hour,
          When pilgrims kneel before the Holy One,
          The prisoned shepherd of the Church of God.
                             SONNET

      On Hearing the Dies Irae Sung in the Sistine Chapel

        Nay, Lord, not thus! white lilies in the spring,
          Sad olive-groves, or sliver-breasted dove,
          Teach me more clearly of Thy life and love
        Than terrors of red flame and thundering.
        The empurpled vines dear memories of Thee bring:
          A bird at evening flying to its nest,
          Tells me of One who had no place of rest:
        I think it is of Thee the sparrows sing.
        Come rather on some autumn afternoon,
          When red and brown are burnished on the leaves,
          And the fields echo to the gleaner's song,
        Come when the splendid fulness of the moon
          Looks down upon the rows of golden sheaves,
          And reap Thy harvest: we have waited long.
                           EASTER DAY

        The silver trumpets rang across the Dome:
          The people knelt upon the ground with awe:
          And borne upon the necks of men I saw,
        Like some great God, the Holy Lord of Rome.
        Priest-like, he wore a robe more white than foam,
          And, king-like, swathed himself in royal red,
          Three crowns of gold rose high upon his head:
        In splendor and in light the Pope passed home.
        My heart stole back across wide wastes of years
          To One who wandered by a lonely sea,
          And sought in vain for any place of rest:
        "Foxes have holes, and every bird its nest,
          I, only I, must wander wearily,
        And bruise My feet, and drink wine salt with tears."
                           E TENEBRIS

        Come down, O Christ, and help me! reach thy hand,
          For I am drowning in a stormier sea
          Than Simon on Thy lake of Galilee:
        The wine of life is spilt upon the sand,
        My heart is as some famine-murdered land,
          Whence all good things have perished utterly,
          And well I know my soul in Hell must lie
        If I this night before God's throne should stand.
        "He sleeps perchance, or rideth to the chase,
        Like Baal, when his prophets howled that name
        From morn to noon on Carmel's smitten height."
        Nay, peace, I shall behold before the night,
          The feet of brass, the robe more white than flame,
          The wounded hands, the weary human face.
                        VITA NUOVA

        I stood by the unvintageable sea
          Till the wet waves drenched face and hair with spray,
          The long red fires of the dying day
        Burned in the west; the wind piped drearily;
        And to the land the clamorous gulls did flee:
          "Alas! " I cried, "my life is full of pain,
          And who can garner fruit or golden grain,
        From these waste fields which travail ceaselessly!"
        My nets gaped wide with many a break and flaw
          Nathless I threw them as my final cast
          Into the sea, and waited for the end.
        When lo! a sudden glory! and I saw
          The argent splendor of white limbs ascend,
          And in that joy forgot my tortured past.
                         MADONNA MIA

        A lily girl, not made for this world's pain,
          With brown, soft hair close braided by her ears,
           And longing eyes half veiled by slumbrous tears
        Like bluest water seen through mists of rain;
        Pale cheeks whereon no love hath left its stain,
          Red underlip drawn in for fear of love,
          And white throat, whiter than the silvered dove,
        Through whose wan marble creeps one purple vein.
        Yet, though my lips shall praise her without cease,
          Even to kiss her feet I am not bold,
          Being o'ershadowed by the wings of awe.
        Like Dante, when he stood with Beatrice
          Beneath the flaming Lion's breast and saw
          The seventh Crystal, and the Stair of Gold.
                          THE NEW HELEN

        Where hast thou been since round the walls of Troy
          The sons of God fought in that great emprise?
            Why dost thou walk our common earth again?
        Hast thou forgotten that impassioned boy,
            His purple galley, and his Tyrian men,
          And treacherous Aphrodite's mocking eyes?
        For surely it was thou, who, like a star
          Hung in the silver silence of the night,
          Didst lure the Old World chivalry and might
        Into the clamorous crimson waves of war!

        Or didst thou rule the fire-laden moon?
          In amorous Sidon was thy temple built
            Over the light and laughter of the sea?
          Where, behind lattice scarlet-wrought and gilt,
            Some brown-limbed girl did weave thee tapestry,
          All through the waste and wearied hours of noon;
        Till her wan cheek with flame of passion burned,
          And she rose up the sea-washed lips to kiss
        Of some glad Cyprian sailor, safe returned
          From Calpe and the cliffs of Herakles!

        No! thou art Helen, and none other one!
          It was for thee that young Sarpedon died,
            And Memnon's manhood was untimely spent;
          It was for thee gold-crested Hector tried
        With Thetis' child that evil race to run,
            In the last year of thy beleaguerment;
        Ay! even now the glory of thy fame
          Burns in those fields of trampled asphodel,
          Where the high lords whom Ilion knew so well
        Clash ghostly shields, and call upon thy name.

        Where hast thou been? in that enchanted land
          Whose slumbering vales forlorn Calypso knew,
            Where never mower rose to greet the day
          But all unswathed the trammeling grasses grew,
        And the sad shepherd saw the tall corn stand
          Till summer's red had changed to withered gray?
        Didst thou lie there by some Lethaean stream
          Deep brooding on thine ancient memory,
        The crash of broken spears, the fiery gleam
          From shivered helm, the Grecian battle-cry?

        Nay, thou were hidden in that hollow hill
          With one who is forgotten utterly,
            That discrowned Queen men call the Erycine;
          Hidden away that never might'st thou see
            The face of her, before whose mouldering shrine
        To-day at Rome the silent nations kneel;
        Who gat from joy no joyous gladdening,
            But only Love's intolerable pain,
            Only a sword to pierce her heart in twain,
        Only the bitterness of child-bearing.

        The lotos-leaves which heal the wounds of Death
          Lie in thy hand; O, be thou kind to me,
            While yet I know the summer of my days;
        For hardly can my tremulous lips draw breath
            To fill the silver trumpet with thy praise,
          So bowed am I before thy mystery;
        So bowed and broken on Love's terrible wheel,
          That I have lost all hope and heart to sing,
          Yet care I not what ruin time may bring
        If in thy temple thou wilt let me kneel.

        Alas, alas, thou wilt not tarry here,
          But, like that bird, the servant of the sun,
            Who flies before the north wind and the home.
        So wilt thou fly our evil land and drear,
            Back to the tower of thine old delight,
            And the red lips of young Euphorion;
        Nor shall I ever see thy face again,
          But in this poisonous garden must I stay,
        Crowning my brows with the thorn-crown of pain,
          Till all my loveless life shall pass away.

        O Helen! Helen! Helen! Yet awhile,
          Yet for a little while, O tarry here,
            Till the dawn cometh and the shadows flee!
        For in the gladsome sunlight of thy smile
          Of heaven or hell I have no thought or fear,
            Seeing I know no other god but thee:
        No other god save him, before whose feet
          In nets of gold the tired planets move,
          The incarnate spirit of spiritual love
        Who in thy body holds his joyous seat.

        Thou wert not born as common women are!
          But, girt with silver splendor of the foam,
            Didst from the depths of sapphire seas arise!
        And at thy coming some immortal star,
            Bearded with flame, blazed in the Eastern skies;
          And waked the shepherds on thine island home.
        Thou shalt not die! no asps of Egypt creep
          Close at thy heels to taint the delicate air;
          No sullen-blooming poppies stain thy hair,
        Those scarlet heralds of eternal sleep.

        Lily of love, pure and inviolate!
          Tower of ivory! red rose of fire!
            Thou hast come down our darkness to illume:
        For we, close-caught in the wide nets of Fate,
          Wearied with waiting for the World's Desire,
            Aimlessly wandered in the house of gloom.
        Aimlessly sought some slumberous anodyne
          For wasted lives, for lingering wretchedness,
        Till we beheld thy re-arisen shrine,
          And the white glory of thy loveliness.        In a dim corner of my room
          For longer than my fancy thinks,
          A beautiful and silent Sphinx
        Has watched me through the shifting gloom.

        Inviolate and immobile
          She does not rise, she does not stir
          For silver moons are nought to her,
        And nought to her the suns that reel.

        Red follows grey across the air
          The waves of moonlight ebb and flow
          But with the dawn she does not go
        And in the night-time she is there.

        Dawn follows Dawn, and Nights grow old
          And all the while this curious cat
          Lies crouching on the Chinese mat
        With eyes of satin rimmed with gold.

        Upon the mat she lies and leers,
          And on the tawny throat of her
          Flutters the soft and fur
        Or ripples to her pointed ears.

        Come forth my lovely seneschal,
          So somnolent, so statuesque,
          Come forth you exquisite grotesque,
        Half woman and half animal,

        Come forth my lovely languorous Sphinx,
          And put your head upon my knee
          And let me stroke your throat and see
        Your body spotted like the Lynx,

        And let me touch those curving claws
          Of yellow ivory, and grasp
          The tail that like a monstrous Asp
        Coils round your heavy velvet paws.

        A thousand weary centuries
          Are thine, while I have hardly seen
          Some twenty summers cast their green
        For Autumn's gaudy liveries,

        But you can read the Hieroglyphs
          On the great sandstone obelisks,
          And you have talked with Basilisks
        And you have looked on Hippogriffs

        O tell me, were you standing by
          When Isis to Osiris knelt,
          And did you watch the Egyptian melt
        Her union for Anthony,

        And drink the jewel-drunken wine,
          And bend her head in mimic awe
          To see the huge pro-consul draw
        The salted tunny from the brine?

        And did you mark the Cyprian kiss
          With Adon on his catafalque,
          And did you follow Amanalk
        The god of Heliopolis?

        And did you talk with Thoth, and did
          You hear the moon-horned Io weep
          And know the painted kings who sleep
        Beneath the wedge-shaped Pyramid?

        Lift up your large black satin eyes
          Which are like cushions where one sinks,
          Fawn at my feet, fantastic Sphinx,
        And sing me all your memories.

        Sing to me of the Jewish maid
          Who wandered with the Holy Child,
          And how you led them through the wild,
        And how they slept beneath your shade.

        Sing to me of that odorous
          Green eve when crouching by the marge
          You heard from Adrian's gilded barge
        The laughter of Antinous,

        And lapped the stream, and fed your drouth,
          And watched with hot and hungry stare
          The ivory body of that rare
        Young slave with his pomegranate mouth.

        Sing to me of the Labyrinth
          In which the two-formed bull was stalled,
          Sing to me of the night you crawled
        Across the temple's granite plinth

        When through the purple corridors
          The screaming scarlet Ibis flew
          In terror, and a horrid dew
        Dripped from the moaning Mandragores,

        And the great torpid crocodile
          Within the great shed slimy tears,
          And tore the jewels from his ears
        And staggered back into the Nile,

        And the Priests cursed you with shrill psalms
          As in your claws you seized their snake
          And crept away with it to slake
        Your passion by the shuddering palms.

        Who were your lovers, who were they
          Who wrestled for you in the dust?
          Which was the vessel of your Lust,
        What Leman had you every day?

        Did giant lizards come and crouch
          Before you on the reedy banks?
          Did Gryphons with great metal flanks
        Leap on you in your trampled couch,

        Did monstrous hippopotami
          Come sidling to you in the mist
          Did gilt-scaled dragons write and twist
        With passion as you passed them by?

        And from that brick-built Lycian tomb
          What horrible Chimaera came
          With fearful heads and fearful flame
        To breed new wonders from your womb?

        Or had you shameful secret guests
          And did you harry to your home
          Some Nereid coiled in amber foam
        With curious rock-crystal breasts;

        Or did you, treading through the froth,
          Call to the brown Sidonian
          For tidings of Leviathan,
        Leviathan of Behemoth?

        Or did you when the sun was set,
          Climb up the cactus-covered slope
          To meet your swarthy Ethiop
        Whose body was of polished jet?

        Or did you while the earthen skiffs
          Dropt down the gray Nilotic flats
          At twilight, and the flickering bats
        Flew round the temple's triple glyphs

        Steal to the border of the bar
          And swim across the silent lake
          And slink into the vault and make
        The Pyramid your lupanar,

        Till from each black sarcophagus
          Rose up the painted, swathed dead,
          Or did you lure unto your bed
        The ivory-horned Trageophos?

        Or did you love the God of flies
          Who plagued the Hebrews and was splashed
          With wine unto the waist, or Pasht
        Who had green beryls for her eyes?

        Or that young God, the Tyrian,
          Who was more amorous than the dove
          Of Ashtaroth, or did you love
        The God of the Assyrian,

        Whose wings that like transparent talc
          Rose high above his hawk-faced head
          Painted with silver and with red
        And ribbed with rods of Oreichalch?

        Or did huge Apis from his car
          Leap down and lay before your feet
          Big blossoms of the honey-sweet,
        And honey-coloured nenuphar?

        How subtle secret is your smile;
          Did you love none then? Nay I know
          Great Ammon was your bedfellow,
        He lay with you beside the Nile.

        The river-horses in the slime
          Trumpeted when they saw him come
          Odorous with Syrian galbanum
        And smeared with spikenard and with thyme.

        He came along the river bank
          Like some tall galley argent-sailed
          He strode across the waters, mailed
        In beauty and the waters sank.

        He strode across the desert sand,
          He reached the valley where you lay,
          He waited till the dawn of day,
        Then touched your black breasts with his hand.

        You kissed his mouth with mouth of flame,
          You made the horned-god your own,
          You stood behind him on his throne;
        You called him by his secret name,

        You whispered monstrous oracles
          Into the caverns of his ears,
          With blood of goats and blood of steers
        You taught him monstrous miracles,

        While Ammon was your bedfellow
          Your chamber was the steaming Nile
          And with your curved Archaic smile
        You watched his passion come and go.

        With Syrian oils his brows were bright
          And wide-spread as a tent at noon
          His marble limbs made pale the moon
        And lent the day a larger light,

        His long hair was nine cubits span
          And coloured like that yellow gem
          Which hidden in their garments' hem,
        The merchants bring from Kurdistan.

        His face was as the must that lies
          Upon a vat of new-made wine,
          The seas could not insapphirine
        The perfect azure of his eyes.

        His thick, soft throat was white as milk
          And threaded with thin veins of blue
          And curious pearls like frozen dew
        Were broidered on his flowing silk.

        On pearl and porphyry pedestalled
          He was too bright to look upon
          For on his ivory breast there shone
        The wondrous ocean-emerald,-

        That mystic, moonlight jewel which
          Some diver of the Colchian caves
          Had found beneath the blackening waves
        And carried to the Colchian witch.

        Before his gilded galiot
          Ran naked vine-wreathed corybants
          And lines of swaying elephants
        Knelt down to draw his chariot,

        And lines of swarthy Nubians
          Bore up his litter as he rode
          Down the great granite-paven road,
        Between the nodding peacock fans.

        The merchants brought him steatite
          From Sidon in their painted ships;
          The meanest cup that touched his lips
        Was fashioned from a chrysolite.

        The merchants brought him cedar chests
          Of rich apparel, bound with cords;
          His train was borne by Memphian lords;
        Young kings were glad to be his guests.

        Ten hundred shaven priests did bow
          To Ammon's altar day and night,
          Ten hundred lamps did wave their light
        Through Ammon's carven house,- and now

        Foul snake and speckled adder with
          Their young ones crawl from stone to stone
          For ruined is the house, and prone
        The great rose-marble monolith;

        Wild ass or strolling jackal comes
          And crouches in the mouldering gates,
          Wild satyrs call unto their mates
        Across the fallen fluted drums.

        And on the summit of the pile,
          The blue-faced ape of Horus sits
          And gibbers while the fig-tree splits
        The pillars of the peristyle.

        The God is scattered here and there;
          Deep hidden in the windy sand
          I saw his giant granite hand
        Still clenched in impotent despair.

        And many a wandering caravan
          Of stately negroes, silken-shawled,
          Crossing the desert, halts appalled
        Before the neck that none can span.

        And many a bearded Bedouin
          Draws back his yellow-striped burnous
          To gaze upon the Titan thews
        Of him who was thy paladin.

        Go seek his fragments on the moor,
          And wash them in the evening dew,
          And from their pieces make anew
        Thy mutilated paramour.

        Go seek them where they lie alone
          And from their broken pieces make
          Thy bruised bedfellow! And wake
        Mad passions in the senseless stone!

        Charm his dull ear with Syrian hymns;
          He loved your body; oh be kind!
          Pour spikenard on his hair and wind
        Soft rolls of linen round his limbs;

        Wind round his head the figured coins,
          Stain with red fruits the pallid lips;
          Weave purple for his shrunken hips
        And purple for his barren loins!

        Away to Egypt! Have no fear;
          Only one God has ever died,
          Only one God has let His side
        Be wounded by a soldier's spear.

        But these, thy lovers, are not dead;
          Still by the hundred-cubit gate
          Dog-faced Anubis sits in state
        With lotus lilies for thy head.

        Still from his chair of porphyry
          Giant Memnon strains his lidless eyes
          Across the empty land and cries
        Each yellow morning unto thee.

        And Nilus with his broken horn
          Lies in his black and oozy bed
          And till thy coming will not spread
        His waters on the withering corn.

        Your lovers are not dead, I know,
          And will rise up and hear thy voice
          And clash their symbols and rejoice
        And run to kiss your mouth,- and so

        Set wings upon your argosies!
          Set horses to your ebon car!
          Back to your Nile! Or if you are
        Grown sick of dead divinities;

        Follow some roving lion's spoor
          Across the copper-coloured plain,
          Reach out and hale him by the mane
        And bid him to be your paramour!

        Crouch by his side upon the grass
          And set your white teeth in his throat,
          And when you hear his dying note,
        Lash your long flanks of polished brass

        And take a tiger for your mate,
          Whose amber sides are flecked with black,
          And ride upon his gilded back
        In triumph through the Theban gate,

        And toy with him in amorous jests,
          And when he turns and snarls and gnaws,
          Oh smite him with your jasper claws
        And bruise him with your agate breasts!

        Why are you tarrying? Get hence!
          I weary of your sullen ways.
          I weary of your steadfast gaze,
        Your somnolent magnificence.

        Your horrible and heavy breath
          Makes the light flicker in the lamp,
          And on my brow I feel the damp
        And dreadful dews of night and death,

        Your eyes are like fantastic moons
          That shiver in some stagnant lake,
          Your tongue is like a scarlet snake
        That dances to fantastic tunes.

        Your pulse makes poisonous melodies,
          And your black throat is like the hole
          Left by some torch or burning coal
        On Saracenic tapestries.

        Away! the sulphur-coloured stars
          Are hurrying through the Western gate!
          Away! Or it may be too late
        To climb their silent silver cars!

        See, the dawn shivers round the gray,
          Gilt-dialled towers, and the rain
          Streams down each diamonded pane
        And blurs with tears the wannish day.

        What snake-tressed fury, fresh from Hell,
          With uncouth gestures and unclean,
          Stole from the poppy-drowsy queen
        And led you to a student's cell?

        What songless, tongueless ghost of sin
          Crept through the curtains of the night
          And saw my taper burning bright,
        And knocked and bade you enter in?

        Are there not others more accursed,
          Whiter with leprosies than I?
          Are Abana and Pharphar dry,
        That you come here to slake your thirst?

        False Sphinx! False Sphinx! By reedy Styx,
          Old Charon, leaning on his oar,
          Waits for my coin. Go thou before
        And leave me to my crucifix,

        Whose pallid burden, sick with pain,
          Watches the world with wearied eyes.
          And weeps for every soul that dies,
        And weep for every soul in vain!!.                  IMPRESSION DU MATIN

        The Thames nocturne of blue and gold
          Changed to a Harmony in gray:
          A barge with ochre-colored hay
        Dropt from the wharf: and chill and cold

        The yellow fog came creeping down
          The bridges, till the houses' walls
          Seemed changed to shadows, and St. Paul's
        Loomed like a bubble o'er the town.

        Then suddenly arose the clang
          Of waking life; the streets were stirred
          With country waggons: and a bird
        Flew to the glistening roofs and sang.

        But one pale woman all alone,
          The daylight kissing her wan hair,
          Loitered beneath the gas lamp's flare,
        With lips of flame and heart of stone.
                       MAGDALEN WALKS

    The little white clouds are racing over the sky,
      And the fields are strewn with the gold of the flower
        of March
      The daffodil breaks underfoot, and the tasselled larch
    Sways and swings as the thrush goes hurrying by.

    A delicate odor is borne on the wings of the morning breeze,
      The odor of leaves, and of grass, and of newly upturned
        earth,
      The birds are singing for joy of the Spring's glad birth,
    Hopping from branch to branch on the rocking trees,

    And all the woods are alive with the murmur and sound of
        Spring,
      And the rosebud breaks into pink on the climbing brier,
      And the crocus-bed is a quivering moon of fire
    Girdled round with the belt of an amethyst ring.

    And the plane to the pine-tree is whispering some tale of
        love
      Till it rustles with laughter and tosses its mantle of
        green
      And the gloom of the wych-elm's hollow is lit with the iris
        sheen
    Of the burnished rainbow throat and the silver breast of a
        dove.

    See! the lark starts up from his bed in the meadow there,
      Breaking the gossamer threads and the nets of dew,
      And flashing a-down the river, a flame of blue!
    The kingfisher flies like an arrow, and wounds the air.
                          ATHANASIA

    To that gaunt House of Art which lacks for naught
      Of all the great things men have saved from Time,
    The withered body of a girl was brought
      Dead ere the world's glad youth had touched its prime,
    And seen by lonely Arabs lying hid
    In the dim wound of some black pyramid.

    But when they had unloosed the linen band
      Which swathed the Egyptian's body,- lo! was found
    Closed in the wasted hollow of her hand
      A little seed, which sown in English ground
    Did wondrous snow of starry blossoms bear,
    And spread rich odors through our springtide air.

    With such strange arts this flower did allure
      That all forgotten was the asphodel,
    And the brown bee, the lily's paramour,
      Forsook the cup where he was wont to dwell,
    For not a thing of earth it seemed to be,
    But stolen from some heavenly Arcady.

    In vain the sad narcissus, wan and white
      At its own beauty, hung across the stream,
    The purple dragon-fly had no delight
      With its gold-dust to make his wings a-gleam,
    Ah! no delight the jasmine-bloom to kiss,
    Or brush the rain-pearls from the eucharis.

    For love of it the passionate nightingale
      Forgot the hills of Thrace, the cruel king,
    And the pale dove no longer cared to sail
      Through the wet woods at time of blossoming,
    But round this flower of Egypt sought to float,
    With silvered wing and amethystine throat.

    While the hot sun blazed in his tower of blue
      A cooling wind crept from the land of snows,
    And the warm south with tender tears of dew
      Drenched its white leaves when Hesperos uprose
    Amid those sea-green meadows of the sky
    On which the scarlet bars of sunset lie.

    But when o'er wastes of lily-haunted field
      The tired birds had stayed their amorous tune,
    And broad and glittering like an argent shield
      High in the sapphire heavens hung the moon,
    Did no strange dream or evil memory make
    Each tremulous petal of its blossoms shake?

    Ah no! to this bright flower a thousand years
      Seemed but the lingering of a summer's day,
    It never knew the tide of cankering fears
      Which turn a boy's gold hair to withered gray,
    The dread desire of death it never knew,
    Or how all folk that they were born must rue.

    For we to death with pipe and dancing go,
      Nor would we pass the ivory gate again,
    As some sad river wearied of its flow
      Through the dull plains, the haunts of common men,
    Leaps lover-like into the terrible sea!
    And counts it gain to die so gloriously.

    We mar our lordly strength in barren strife
      With the world's legions led by clamorous care,
    It never feels decay but gathers life
      From the pure sunlight and the supreme air,
    We live beneath Time's wasting sovereignty,
    It is the child of all eternity.
                      SERENADE

                      For Music

        The western wind is blowing fair
          Across the dark Aegean sea,
        And at the secret marble stair
          My Tyrian galley waits for thee.
        Come down! the purple sail is spread,
          The watchman sleeps within the town.
        O leave thy lily-flowered bed,
          O lady mine come down, come down!

        She will not come, I know her well,
          Of lover's vows she hath no care,
        And little good a man can tell
          Of one so cruel and so fair.
        True love is but a woman's toy,
          They never know the lover's pain,
        And I who loved as loves a boy.
          Must love in vain, must love in vain.

        O noble pilot tell me true
          Is that the sheen of golden hair?
        Or is it but the tangled dew
          That binds the passion-flowers there?
        Good sailor come and tell me now
          Is that my lady's lily hand?
        Or is it but the gleaming prow,
          Or is it but the silver sand?

        No! no! 'tis not the tangled dew,
          'Tis not the silver-fretted sand,
        It is my own dear Lady true
          With golden hair and lily hand!
        O noble pilot steer for Troy,
          Good sailor ply the laboring oar,
        This is the Queen of life and joy
          Whom we must bear from Grecian shore!

        The waning sky grows faint and blue,
          It wants an hour still of day,
        Aboard! aboard! my gallant crew,
          O Lady mine away! away!
        O noble pilot steer for Troy,
          Good sailor ply the laboring oar,
        O loved as only loves a boy!
          O loved for ever evermore!
                       ENDYMION

                       For Music

        The apple trees are hung with gold,
          And birds are loud in Arcady,
        The sheep lie bleating in the fold,
        The wild goat runs across the wold,
        But yesterday his love he told,
          I know he will come back to me.
        O rising moon! O Lady moon!
          Be you my lover's sentinel,
          You cannot choose but know him well,
        For he is shod with purple shoon,
        You cannot choose but know my love,
          For he a shepherd's crook doth bear,
        And he is soft as any dove,
          And brown and curly is his hair.

        The turtle now has ceased to call
          Upon her crimson-footed groom,
        The gray wolf prowls about the stall,
        The lily's singing seneschal
        Sleeps in the lily-bell, and all
          The violet hills are lost in gloom.
        O risen moon! O holy moon!
          Stand on the top of Helice,
          And if my own true love you see,
        Ah! if you see the purple shoon,
        The hazel crook, the lad's brown hair,
          The goat-skin wrapped about his arm,
        Tell him that I am waiting where
          The rushlight glimmers in the Farm.

        The falling dew is cold and chill,
          And no bird sings in Arcady,
        The little fauns have left the hill,
        Even the tired daffodil
        Has closed its gilded doors, and still
          My lover comes not back to me.
        False moon! False moon! O waning moon!
          Where is my own true lover gone,
          Where are the lips vermilion,
        The shepherd's crook, the purple shoon?
        Why spread that silver pavilion,
          Why wear that veil of drifting mist?
        Ah! thou hast young Endymion,
          Thou hast the lips that should be kissed!
            LA BELLA DONNA DEL MIA MENTE

        My limbs are wasted with a flame,
          My feet are sore with travelling,
        For calling on my Lady's name
          My lips have now forgot to sing.

        O Linnet in the wild-rose brake
          Strain for my Love thy melody,
        O Lark sing louder for love's sake
          My gentle Lady passeth by.

        She is too fair for any man
          To see or hold his heart's delight,
        Fairer than Queen or courtezan
          Or moon-lit water in the night.

        Her hair is bound with myrtle leaves,
          (Green leaves upon her golden hair!)
        Green grasses through the yellow sheaves
        Of autumn corn are not more fair.

        Her little lips, more made to kiss
          Than to cry bitterly for pain,
        Are tremulous as brook-water is,
          Or roses after evening rain.

        Her neck is like white melilote
          Flushing for pleasure of the sun,
        The throbbing of the linnet's throat
          Is not so sweet to look upon.

        As a pomegranate, cut in twain,
          White-seeded, is her crimson mouth,
        Her cheeks are as the fading stain
          Where the peach reddens to the south.

        O twining hands! O delicate
          White body made for love and pain!
        O House of Love! O desolate
          Pale flower beaten by the rain!
                      CHANSON

        A ring of gold and a milk-white dove
          Are goodly gifts for thee,
        And a hempen rope for your own love
          To hang upon a tree.

        For you a House of Ivory
          (Roses are white in the rose-bower)!
        A narrow bed for me to lie
          (White, O white is the hemlock flower)!

        Myrtle and jessamine for you
          (O the red rose is fair to see)!
        For me the cypress and the rue
          (Fairest of all is rosemary)!

        For you three lovers of your hand
          (Green grass where a man lies dead)!
        For me three paces on the sand
          (Plant lilies at my head)!
The Hunger Games


PART I"THE TRIBUTES"

1.

When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold. My fingers stretch out, seeking Prims warmth but finding only the rough canvas cover of the mattress. She must have had bad dreams and climbed in with our mother. Of course, she did. This is the day of the reaping. I prop myself up on one elbow. Theres enough light in the bedroom to see them. My little sister, Prim, curled up on her side, cocooned in my mothers body, their cheeks pressed together. In sleep, my mother looks younger, still worn but not so beaten-down. Prims face is as fresh as a raindrop, as lovely as the primrose for which she was named. My mother was very beautiful once, too. Or so

they tell me. Sitting at Prims knees, guarding her, is the worlds ugliest cat. Mashed-in nose, half of one ear missing, eyes the color of rotting squash. Prim named him Buttercup, insisting that his muddy yellow coat matched the bright flower. I he hates me. Or at least distrusts me. Even though it was years ago, I think he still remembers how I tried to drown him in a bucket when Prim brought him home. Scrawny kitten, belly swollen with worms, crawling with fleas. The last thing I needed was another mouth to feed. But Prim begged so hard, cried even, I had to let him stay. It turned out okay. My mother got rid of the vermin and hes a born mouser. Even catches the occasional rat. Sometimes, when I clean a kill, I feed Buttercup the entrails. He has stopped hissing at me. Entrails. No hissing. This is the closest we will ever come to love. I swing my legs off the bed and slide into my hunting boots. Supple leather that has molded to my feet. I pull on trousers, a shirt, tuck my long dark braid up into a cap, and grab my forage bag. On the table, under a wooden bowl to protect it from hungry rats and cats alike, sits a perfect little goat cheese wrapped in basil leaves. Prims gift to me on reaping day. I put the cheese carefully in my pocket as I slip outside. Our part of District 12, nicknamed the Seam, is usually crawling with coal miners heading out to the morning shift at this hour. Men and women with hunched shoulders, swollen knuckles, many who have long since stopped trying to scrub the coal dust out of their broken nails, the lines of their sunken faces. But today the black cinder streets are empty. Shutters on the squat gray houses are closed. The reaping isnt until two. May as well sleep in. If you can. Our house is almost at the edge of the Seam. I only have to pass a few gates to reach the scruffy field called the Meadow. Separating the Meadow from the woods, in fact enclosing all of District 12, is a high chain-link fence topped with barbed-wire loops. In theory, its supposed to be electrified twenty-four hours a day as a deterrent to the predators that live in the woods packs of wild dogs, lone cougars, bears that used to threaten our streets. But since were lucky to get two or three hours of electricity in the evenings, its

usually safe to touch. Even so, I always take a moment to listen carefully for the hum that means the fence is live. Right now, its silent as a stone. Concealed by a clump of bushes, I flatten out on my belly and slide under a two-foot stretch thats

been loose for years. There are several other weak spots in the fence, but this one is so close to home I almost always enter the woods here. As soon as Im in the trees, I retrieve a bow and sheath of arrows from a hollow log. Electrified or not, the fence has been successful at keeping the flesh-eaters out of District 12. Inside the woods they roam freely, and there are added concerns like venomous snakes, rabid animals, and no real paths to follow. But theres also food if you know how to find it. My father knew and he taught me some before he was blown to bits in a mine explosion. There was nothing even to bury. I was eleven then. Five years later, I still wake up screaming for him to run. Even though trespassing in the woods is illegal and poaching carries the severest of penalties, more people would risk it if they had weapons. But most are not bold enough to venture out with just a knife. My bow is a rarity, crafted by my father along with a few others that I keep well hidden in the woods, carefully wrapped in waterproof covers. My father could have made good money selling them, but if the officials found out he would have been publicly executed for inciting a rebellion. Most of the Peacekeepers turn a blind eye to the few of us who hunt because theyre as hungry for fresh meat as anybody is. In fact, theyre among our best customers. But the idea that someone might be arming the Seam would never have been allowed. In the fall, a few brave souls sneak into the woods to harvest apples. But always in sight of the Meadow. Always close enough to run back to the safety of District 12 if trouble arises. District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety, I mutter. Then I glance quickly over my shoulder. Even here, even in the middle of nowhere, you worry someone might overhear you. When I was younger, I scared my mother to death, the things I would blurt out about District 12, about the people who rule our country, Panem, from the far-off city called the Capitol. Eventually I understood this would only lead us to more trouble. So I learned to hold my tongue and to turn my features into an indifferent mask so that no one could ever read my thoughts. Do my work quietly in school. Make only polite small talk in the public market. Discuss little more than trades in the Hob, which is the black market where I make most of my money. Even at home, where I am less pleasant, I avoid discussing tricky topics. Like the reaping, or food shortages, or the Hunger Games. Prim might begin to repeat my words and then where would we be? In the woods waits the only person with whom I can be myself. Gale. I can feel the

muscles in my face relaxing, my pace quickening as I climb the hills to our place, a rock ledge

overlooking a valley. A thicket of berry bushes protects it from unwanted eyes. The sight of him waiting there brings on a smile. Gale says I never smile except in the woods. Hey, Catnip, says Gale. My real name is Katniss, but when I first told him, I had barely whispered it. So he thought Id said Catnip. Then when this crazy lynx started following me around the woods looking for handouts, it became his official nickname for me. I finally had to kill the lynx because he scared off game. I almost regretted it because he wasnt bad company. But I got a decent price for his pelt. Look what I shot, Gale holds up a loaf of bread with an arrow stuck in it, and I laugh. Its real bakery bread, not the flat, dense loaves we make from our grain rations. I take it in my hands, pull out the arrow, and hold the puncture in the crust to my nose, inhaling the fragrance that makes my mouth flood with saliva. Fine bread like this is for special occasions. Mm, still warm, I say. He must have been at the bakery at the crack of dawn to trade for it. What did it cost you? Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning, says Gale. Even wished me luck. Well, we all feel a little closer today, dont we? I say, not even bothering to roll my eyes. Prim left us a cheese. I pull it out. His expression brightens at the treat. Thank you, Prim. Well have a real feast. Suddenly he falls into a Capitol accent as he mimics Effie Trinket, the maniacally upbeat woman who arrives once a year to read out the names at the leaping. I almost forgot! Happy Hunger Games! He plucks a few blackberries from the bushes around us. And may the odds He tosses a berry in a high arc toward me. I catch it in my mouth and break the delicate skin with my teeth. The sweet tartness explodes across my tongue. Be ever in your favor! I finish with equal verve. We have to joke about it because the alternative is to be scared out of your wits. Besides, the Capitol accent is so affected, almost anything sounds funny in it. I watch as Gale pulls out his knife and slices the bread. He could be my brother. Straight black hair, olive skin, we even have the same gray eyes. But were not related, at least not closely. Most of the families who work the mines resemble one another this way. Thats why my mother and Prim, with their light hair and blue eyes, always look out of place. They are. My mothers parents were part of the small merchant class that

caters to officials, Peacekeepers, and the occasional Seam customer. They ran an apothecary shop in the nicer part of District 12. Since almost no one can afford doctors, apothecaries are our healers. My father got to know my mother because on his hunts he would sometimes collect medicinal herbs and sell them to her shop to be brewed into remedies. She must have really loved him to leave her home for the Seam. I try to remember that when all I can see is the woman who sat by, blank and unreachable, while her children turned to skin and bones. I

try to forgive her for my fathers sake. But to be honest, Im not the forgiving type. Gale spreads the bread slices with the soft goat cheese, carefully placing a basil leaf on each while I strip the bushes of their berries. We settle back in a nook in the rocks. From this place, we are invisible but have a clear view of the valley, which is teeming with summer life, greens to gather, roots to dig, fish iridescent in the sunlight. The day is glorious, with a blue sky and soft breeze. The foods wonderful, with the cheese seeping into the warm bread and the berries bursting in our mouths. Everything would be perfect if this really was a holiday, if all the day off meant was roaming the mountains with Gale, hunting for tonights supper. But instead we have to be standing in the square at two oclock waiting for the names to be called out. We could do it, you know, Gale says quietly. What? I ask. Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it, says Gale. I dont know how to respond. The idea is so preposterous. If we didnt have so many kids, he adds quickly. Theyre not our kids, of course. But they might as well be. Gales two little brothers and a sister. Prim. And you may as well throw in our mothers, too, because how would they live without us? Who would fill those mouths that are always asking for more? With both of us hunting daily, there are still nights when game has to be swapped for lard or shoelaces or wool, still nights when we go to bed with our stomachs growling. I never want to have kids, I say. I might. If I didnt live here, says Gale. But you do, I say, irritated. Forget it, he snaps back. The conversation feels all wrong. Leave? How could I leave Prim, who is the only person in the world Im certain I love? And Gale is devoted to his family. We cant leave, so why bother talking about it? And even if we did . . . Even if we did . . . Where did this stuff about having kids come from? Theres never been anything romantic between Gale and me. When we met, I was a skinny

twelve-year-old, and although he was only two years older, he already looked like a man. It took a long time for us to even become friends, to stop haggling over every trade and begin helping each other out. Besides, if he wants kids, Gale wont have any trouble finding a wife. Hes good-looking, hes strong enough to handle the work in the mines, and he can hunt. You can tell by the way the girls whisper about him when he walks by in school that they want him. It makes me jealous but not for the reason people would think. Good hunting partners are hard to find. What do you want to do? I ask. We can hunt, fish, or gather. Lets fish at the lake. We can leave our poles and gather in the woods. Get something nice for tonight, he says. Tonight. After the reaping, everyone is supposed to celebrate. And a lot of people do, out of relief that their children have been spared for another year. But at least two families will pull their shutters, lock their doors,

and try to figure out how they will survive the painful weeks to come. We make out well. The predators ignore us on a day when easier, tastier prey abounds. By late morning, we have a dozen fish, a bag of greens and, best of all, a gallon of strawberries. I found the patch a few years ago, but Gale had the idea to string mesh nets around it to keep out the animals. On the way home, we swing by the Hob, the black market that operates in an abandoned warehouse that once held coal. When they came up with a more efficient system that transported the coal directly from the mines to the trains, the Hob gradually took over the space. Most businesses are closed by this time on reaping day, but the black markets still fairly busy. We easily trade six of the fish for good bread, the other two for salt. Greasy Sae, the bony old woman who sells bowls of hot soup from a large kettle, takes half the greens off our hands in exchange for a couple of chunks of paraffin. We might do a tad better elsewhere, but we make an effort to keep on good terms with Greasy Sae. Shes the only one who can consistently be counted on to buy wild dog. We dont hunt them on purpose, but if youre attacked and you take out a dog or two, well, meat is meat. Once its in the soup, Ill call it beef, Greasy Sae says with a wink. No one in the Seam would turn up their nose at a good leg of wild dog, but the Peacekeepers who come to the Hob can afford to be a little choosier. When we finish our business at the market, we go to the back door of the mayors house to sell half the strawberries, knowing he has

a particular fondness for them and can afford our price. The mayors daughter, Madge, opens the door. Shes in my year at school. Being the mayors daughter, youd expect her to be a snob, but shes all right. She just keeps to herself. Like me. Since neither of us really has a group of friends, we seem to end up together a lot at school. Eating lunch, sitting next to each other at assemblies, partnering for sports activities. We rarely talk, which suits us both just fine. Today her drab school outfit has been replaced by an expensive white dress, and her blonde hair is done up with a pink ribbon. Reaping clothes. Pretty dress, says Gale. Madge shoots him a look, trying to see if its a genuine compliment or if hes just being ironic. It is a pretty dress, but she would never be wearing it ordinarily. She presses her lips together and then smiles. Well, if I end up going to the Capitol, I want to look nice, dont I? Now its Gales turn to be confused. Does she mean it? Or is she messing with him? Im guessing the second. You wont be going to the Capitol, says Gale coolly. His eyes land on a small, circular pin that adorns her dress. Real gold. Beautifully crafted. It could keep a family in bread for months. What can you have? Five entries? I had six when I was just twelve years old. Thats not her fault, I say. No, its no ones fault. Just the way it is, says Gale. Madges face has become closed off.

She puts the money for the berries in my hand. Good luck, Katniss. You, too, I say, and the door closes. We walk toward the Seam in silence. I dont like that Gale took a dig at Madge, but hes right, of course. The reaping system is unfair, with the poor getting the worst of it. You become eligible for the reaping the day you turn twelve. That year, your name is entered once. At thirteen, twice. And so on and so on until you reach the age of eighteen, the final year of eligibility, when your name goes into the pool seven times. Thats true for every citizen in all twelve districts in the entire country of Panem. But heres the catch. Say you are poor and starving as we were. You can opt to add your name more times in exchange for tesserae. Each tessera is worth a meager years supply of grain and oil for one person. You may do this for each of your family members as well. So, at the age of twelve, I had my name entered four times. Once, because I had to, and three times for tesserae for grain and oil for myself, Prim, and my mother. In fact, every year I have needed to do this. And the entries are cumulative. So now, at the age of sixteen, my name will be in the

reaping twenty times. Gale, who is eighteen and has been either helping or single-handedly feeding a family of five for seven years, will have his name in forty-two times. You can see why someone like Madge, who has never been at risk of needing a tessera, can set him off. The chance of her name being drawn is very slim compared to those of us who live in the Seam. Not impossible, but slim. And even though the rules were set up by the Capitol, not the districts, certainly not Madges family, its hard not to resent those who dont have to sign up for tesserae. Gale knows his anger at Madge is misdirected. On other days, deep in the woods, Ive listened to him rant about how the tesserae are just another tool to cause misery in our district. A way to plant hatred between the starving workers of the Seam and those who can generally count on supper and thereby ensure we will never trust one another. Its to the Capitols advantage to have us divided among ourselves, he might say if there were no ears to hear but mine. If it wasnt reaping day. If a girl with a gold pin and no tesserae had not made what Im sure she thought was a harmless comment. As we walk, I glance over at Gales face, still smoldering underneath his stony expression. His rages seem pointless to me, although I never say so. Its not that I dont agree with him. I do. But what good is yelling about the Capitol in the middle of the woods? It doesnt change anything. It doesnt make things fair. It doesnt fill our stomachs. In fact, it scares off the nearby game. I let him yell though. Better he does it in the woods than in the district. Gale and I divide our spoils, leaving two fish, a couple of loaves of good bread, greens, a quart of strawberries, salt, paraffin, and a bit of money for each. See you in the square, I say. Wear something

pretty, he says flatly. At home, I find my mother and sister are ready to go. My mother wears a fine dress from her apothecary days. Prim is in my first reaping outfit, a skirt and ruffled blouse. Its a bit big on her, but my mother has made it stay with pins. Even so, shes having trouble keeping the blouse tucked in at the back. A tub of warm water waits for me. I scrub off the dirt and sweat from the woods and even wash my hair. To my surprise, my mother has laid out one of her own lovely dresses for me. A soft blue thing with matching shoes. Are you sure? I ask. Im trying to get past rejecting offers of help from her. For a while, I was so angry, I wouldnt allow her to do anything for me. And this is something special. Her clothes from her

past are very precious to her. Of course. Lets put your hair up, too, she says. I let her towel-dry it and braid it up on my head. I can hardly recognize myself in the cracked mirror that leans against the wall. You look beautiful, says Prim in a hushed voice. And nothing like myself, I say. I hug her, because I know these next few hours will be terrible for her. Her first reaping. Shes about as safe as you can get, since shes only entered once. I wouldnt let her take out any tesserae. But shes worried about me. That the unthinkable might happen. I protect Prim in every way I can, but Im powerless against the reaping. The anguish I always feel when shes in pain wells up in my chest and threatens to register on my (ace. I notice her blouse has pulled out of her skirt in the back again and force myself to stay calm. Tuck your tail in, little duck, I say, smoothing the blouse back in place. Prim giggles and gives me a small Quack. Quack yourself, I say with a light laugh. The kind only Prim can draw out of me. Come on, lets eat, I say and plant a quick kiss on the top of her head. The fish and greens are already cooking in a stew, but that will be for supper. We decide to save the strawberries and bakery bread for this evenings meal, to make it special we say. Instead we drink milk from Prims goat, Lady, and eat the rough bread made from the tessera grain, although no one has much appetite anyway. At one oclock, we head for the square. Attendance is mandatory unless you are on deaths door. This evening, officials will come around and check to see if this is the case. If not, youll be imprisoned. Its too bad, really, that they hold the reaping in the square one of the few places in District 12 that can be pleasant. The squares surrounded by shops, and on public market days, especially if theres good weather, it has a holiday feel to it. But today, despite the bright banners hanging on the buildings, theres an air of grimness. The camera crews, perched like buzzards on rooftops, only add to the effect. People file in silently and sign in. The reaping is a good opportunity for the Capitol to keep tabs on the population as well. Twelve- through eighteen-year-olds are herded into roped areas marked off by ages, the

oldest in the front, the young ones, like Prim, toward the back. Family members line up around the perimeter, holding tightly to one anothers hands. But there are others, too, who have no one they love at stake, or who no longer care, who slip among the crowd, taking bets on the two kids whose names will be drawn. Odds are

given on their ages, whether theyre Seam or merchant, if they will break down and weep. Most refuse dealing with the racketeers but carefully, carefully. These same people tend to be informers, and who hasnt broken the law? I could be shot on a daily basis for hunting, but the appetites of those in charge protect me. Not everyone can claim the same. Anyway, Gale and I agree that if we have to choose between dying of hunger and a bullet in the head, the bullet would be much quicker. The space gets tighter, more claustrophobic as people arrive. The squares quite large, but not enough to hold District 12s population of about eight thousand. Latecomers are directed to the adjacent streets, where they can watch the event on screens as its televised live by the state. I find myself standing in a clump of sixteens from the Seam. We all exchange terse nods then focus our attention on the temporary stage that is set up before the Justice Building. It holds three chairs, a podium, and two large glass balls, one for the boys and one for the girls. I stare at the paper slips in the girls ball. Twenty of them have Katniss Everdeen written on them in careful handwriting. Two of the three chairs fill with Madges father, Mayor Undersee, whos a tall, balding man, and Effie Trinket, District 12s escort, fresh from the Capitol with her scary white grin, pinkish hair, and spring green suit. They murmur to each other and then look with concern at the empty seat. Just as the town clock strikes two, the mayor steps up to the podium and begins to read. Its the same story every year. He tells of the history of Panem, the country that rose up out of the ashes of a place that was once called North America. He lists the disasters, the droughts, the storms, the fires, the encroaching seas that swallowed up so much of the land, the brutal war for what little sustenance remained. The result was Panem, a shining Capitol ringed by thirteen districts, which brought peace and prosperity to its citizens. Then came the Dark Days, the uprising of the districts against the Capitol. Twelve were defeated, the thirteenth obliterated. The Treaty of Treason gave us the new laws to guarantee peace and, as our yearly reminder that the Dark Days must never be repeated, it gave us the Hunger Games. The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty-four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death.

The last tribute standing wins. Taking the kids from our districts, forcing them to kill one another while we watch this is the Capitols way of reminding us how totally we are at their mercy. How little chance we would stand of surviving another rebellion. Whatever words they use, the real message is clear. Look how we take your children and sacrifice them and theres nothing you can do. If you lift a finger, we will destroy every last one of you. Just as we did in District Thirteen. To make it humiliating as well as torturous, the Capitol requires us to treat the Hunger Games as a festivity, a sporting event pitting every district against the others. The last tribute alive receives a life of ease back home, and their district will be showered with prizes, largely consisting of food. All year, the Capitol will show the winning district gifts of grain and oil and even delicacies like sugar while the rest of us battle starvation. It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks, intones the mayor. Then he reads the list of past District 12 victors. In seventy-four years, we have had exactly two. Only one is still alive. Haymitch Abernathy, a paunchy, middle-aged man, who at this moment appears hollering something unintelligible, staggers onto the stage, and falls into the third chair. Hes drunk. Very. The crowd responds with its token applause, but hes confused and tries to give Effie Trinket a big hug, which she barely manages to fend off. The mayor looks distressed. Since all of this is being televised, right now District 12 is the laughingstock of Panem, and he knows it. He quickly tries to pull the attention back to the reaping by introducing Effie Trinket. Bright and bubbly as ever, Effie Trinket trots to the podium and gives her signature, Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor! Her pink hair must be a wig because her curls have shifted slightly off-center since her encounter with Haymitch. She goes on a bit about what an honor it is to be here, although everyone knows shes just aching to get bumped up to a better district where they have proper victors, not drunks who molest you in front of the entire nation. Through the crowd, I spot Gale looking back at me with a ghost of a smile. As reapings go, this one at least has a slight entertainment factor. But suddenly I am thinking of Gale and his forty-two names in that big glass ball and how the odds are not in his favor. Not compared to a lot of the boys. And maybe hes thinking the same thing about me because his face darkens and he turns away. But there are still thousands of slips, I wish I could whisper to him. Its time for the drawing. Effie Trinket says as she always does, Ladies first! and crosses to

the glass ball with the girls names. She reaches in, digs her hand deep into the ball, and pulls out a slip of paper. The crowd draws in a collective breath and then you can hear a pin drop, and Im feeling nauseous and so desperately hoping that its not me, that its

not me, that its not me. Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium, smoothes the slip of paper, and reads out the name in a clear voice. And its not me. Its Primrose Everdeen.

2.

One time, when I was in a blind in a tree, waiting motionless for game to wander by, I dozed off and fell ten feet to the ground, landing on my back. It was as if the impact had knocked every wisp of air from my lungs, and I lay there struggling to inhale, to exhale, to do anything. Thats how I feel now, trying to remember how to breathe, unable to speak, totally stunned as the name bounces around the inside of my skull. Someone is gripping my arm, a boy from the Seam, and I think maybe I started to fall and he caught me. There must have been some mistake. This cant be happening. Prim was one slip of paper in thousands! Her chances of being chosen so remote that Id not even bothered to worry about her. Hadnt I done everything? Taken the tesserae, refused to let her do the same? One slip. One slip in thousands. The odds had been entirely in her favor. But it hadnt mattered. Somewhere far away, I can hear the crowd murmuring unhappily as they always do when a twelve-year-old gets chosen because no one thinks this is fair. And then I see her, the blood drained from her face, hands clenched in fists at her sides, walking with stiff, small steps up toward the stage, passing me, and I see the back of her blouse has become untucked and hangs out over her skirt. Its this detail, the untucked blouse forming a ducktail, that brings me back to myself. Prim! The strangled cry comes out of my throat, and my muscles begin to move again. Prim! I dont need to shove through the crowd. The other kids make way immediately allowing me a straight path to the stage. I reach her just as she is about to mount the steps. With one sweep of my arm, I push her behind me. I volunteer! I gasp. I volunteer as tribute! Theres some confusion on the stage.

District 12 hasnt had a volunteer in decades and the protocol has become rusty. The rule is that once a tributes name has been pulled from the ball, another eligible boy, if a boys name has been read, or girl, if a girls name has been read, can step forward to take his or her place. In some districts, in which winning the reaping is such a great honor, people are eager to risk their lives, the volunteering is complicated. But in District 12, where the word tribute is pretty much synonymous with the word corpse, volunteers are all but extinct. Lovely! says Effie Trinket. But I believe theres a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um . . . She trails off, unsure herself. What does it matter? says the mayor. Hes looking at me with a pained expression on his face. He doesnt know me really, but theres a faint recognition there. I am the girl who brings the strawberries. The girl his daughter might have spoken of on occasion. The girl who five years ago stood huddled with her mother and

sister, as he presented her, the oldest child, with a medal of valor. A medal for her father, vaporized in the mines. Does he remember that? What does it matter? he repeats gruffly. Let her come forward. Prim is screaming hysterically behind me. Shes wrapped her skinny arms around me like a vice. No, Katniss! No! You cant go! Prim, let go, I say harshly, because this is upsetting me and I dont want to cry. When they televise the replay of the reapings tonight, everyone will make note of my tears, and Ill be marked as an easy target. A weakling. I will give no one that satisfaction. Let go! I can feel someone pulling her from my back. I turn and see Gale has lifted Prim off the ground and shes thrashing in his arms. Up you go, Catnip, he says, in a voice hes fighting to keep steady, and then he carries Prim off toward my mother. I steel myself and climb the steps. Well, bravo! gushes Effie Trinket. Thats the spirit of the Games! Shes pleased to finally have a district with a little action going on in it. Whats your name? I swallow hard. Katniss Everdeen, I say. I bet my buttons that was your sister. Dont want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Lets give a big round of applause to our newest tribute! trills Effie Trinket. To the everlasting credit of the people of District 12, not one person claps. Not even the ones holding betting slips, the ones who are usually beyond caring. Possibly because they know me from the Hob, or knew my father, or have encountered Prim, who no

one can help loving. So instead of acknowledging applause, I stand there unmoving while they take part in the boldest form of dissent they can manage. Silence. Which says we do not agree. We do not condone. All of this is wrong. Then something unexpected happens. At least, I dont expect it because I dont think of District 12 as a place that cares about me. But a shift has occurred since I stepped up to take Prims place, and now it seems I have become someone precious. At first one, then another, then almost every member of the crowd touches the three middle fingers of their left hand to their lips and holds it out to me. It is an old and rarely used gesture of our district, occasionally seen at funerals. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means good-bye to someone you love. Now I am truly in danger of crying, but fortunately Haymitch chooses this time to come staggering across the stage to congratulate me. Look at her. Look at this one! he hollers, throwing an arm around my shoulders. Hes surprisingly strong for such a wreck. I like her! His breath reeks of liquor and its been a long time since hes bathed. Lots of . . . He cant think of the word for a while. Spunk! he says triumphantly. More than you! he releases me and starts for the front of the stage. More than you! he shouts, pointing directly into a

camera. Is he addressing the audience or is he so drunk he might actually be taunting the Capitol? Ill never know because just as hes opening his mouth

to continue, Haymitch plummets off the stage and knocks himself unconscious. Hes disgusting, but Im grateful. With every camera gleefully trained on him, I have just enough time to release the small, choked sound in my throat and compose myself. I put my hands behind my back and stare into the distance. I can see the hills I climbed this morning with Gale. For a moment, I yearn for something . . . The idea of us leaving the district . . . Making our way in the woods . . . But I know I was right about not running off. Because who else would have volunteered for Prim? Haymitch is whisked away on a stretcher, and Effie Trinket is trying to get the ball rolling again. What an exciting day! she warbles as she attempts to straighten her wig, which has listed severely to the right. But more excitement to come! Its time to choose our boy tribute! Clearly hoping to contain her tenuous hair situation, she plants one hand on her head as she crosses to the ball that contains the boys names and grabs the first slip she encounters. She zips back to the podium, and I dont even have time to wish

for Gales safety when shes reading the name. Peeta Mellark. Peeta Mellark! Oh, no, I think. Not him. Because I recognize this name, although I have never spoken directly to its owner. Peeta Mellark. No, the odds are not in my favor today. I watch him as he makes his way toward the stage. Medium height, stocky build, ashy blond hair that falls in waves over his forehead. The shock of the moment is registering on his face, you can see his struggle to remain emotionless, but his blue eyes show the alarm Ive seen so often in prey. Yet he climbs steadily onto the stage and takes his place. Effie Trinket asks for volunteers, but no one steps forward. He has two older brothers, I know, Ive seen them in the bakery, but one is probably too old now to volunteer and the other wont. This is standard. Family devotion only goes so far for most people on reaping day. What I did was the radical thing. The mayor begins to read the long, dull Treaty of Treason as he does every year at this point its required but Im not listening to a word. Why him? I think. Then I try to convince myself it doesnt matter. Peeta Mellark and I are not friends. Not even neighbors. We dont speak. Our only real interaction happened years ago. Hes probably forgotten it. But I havent and I know I never will. . . . It was during the worst time. My father had been

killed in the mine accident three months earlier in the bitterest January anyone could remember. The numbness of his loss had passed, and the pain would hit me out of nowhere, doubling me over, racking my body with sobs. Where are you? I would cry out in my mind. Where have you gone? Of course, there was never any answer. The district had given us a small amount of money as compensation for his death, enough to cover one month of grieving at which time my mother would be expected to get a job. Only she didnt. She didnt do anything but sit propped up in a

chair or, more often, huddled under the blankets on her bed, eyes fixed on some point in the distance. Once in a while, shed stir, get up as if moved by some urgent purpose, only to then collapse back into stillness. No amount of pleading from Prim seemed to affect her. I was terrified. I suppose now that my mother was locked in some dark world of sadness, but at the time, all I knew was that I had lost not only a father, but a mother as well. At eleven years old, with Prim just seven, I took over as head of the family. There was no choice. I bought our food at the market and cooked it as best I could and tried to keep Prim and myself looking presentable.

Because if it had become known that my mother could no longer care for us, the district would have taken us away from her and placed us in the community home. Id grown up seeing those home kids at school. The sadness, the marks of angry hands on their faces, the hopelessness that curled their shoulders forward. I could never let that happen to Prim. Sweet, tiny Prim who cried when I cried before she even knew the reason, who brushed and plaited my mothers hair before we left for school, who still polished my fathers shaving mirror each night because hed hated the layer of coal dust that settled on everything in the Seam. The community home would crush her like a bug. So I kept our predicament a secret. But the money ran out and we were slowly starving to death. Theres no other way to put it. I kept telling myself if I could only hold out until May, just May 8th, I would turn twelve and be able to sign up for the tesserae and get that precious grain and oil to feed us. Only there were still several weeks to go. We could well be dead by then. Starvations not an uncommon fate in District 12. Who hasnt seen the victims? Older people who cant work. Children from a family with too many to feed. Those injured in the mines. Straggling through the streets. And one day, you come upon them sitting motionless against a wall or

lying in the Meadow, you hear the wails from a house, and the Peacekeepers are called in to retrieve the body. Starvation is never the cause of death officially. Its always the flu, or exposure, or pneumonia. But that fools no one. On the afternoon of my encounter with Peeta Mellark, the rain was falling in relentless icy sheets. I had been in town, trying to trade some threadbare old baby clothes of Prims in the public market, but there were no takers. Although I had been to the Hob on several occasions with my father, I was too frightened to venture into that rough, gritty place alone. The rain had soaked through my fathers hunting jacket, leaving me chilled to the bone. For three days, wed had nothing but boiled water with some old dried mint leaves Id found in the back of a cupboard. By the time the market closed, I was shaking so hard I dropped my bundle of baby clothes in a mud puddle. I didnt pick it up for fear I would keel over and be unable to regain my feet. Besides, no one

wanted those clothes. I couldnt go home. Because at home was my mother with her dead eyes and my little sister, with her hollow cheeks and cracked lips. I couldnt walk into that room with the smoky fire from the damp branches I had scavenged at

the edge of the woods after the coal had run out, my bands empty of any hope. I found myself stumbling along a muddy lane behind the shops that serve the wealthiest townspeople. The merchants live above their businesses, so I was essentially in their backyards. I remember the outlines of garden beds not yet planted for the spring, a goat or two in a pen, one sodden dog tied to a post, hunched defeated in the muck. All forms of stealing are forbidden in District 12. Punishable by death. But it crossed my mind that there might be something in the trash bins, and those were fair game. Perhaps a bone at the butchers or rotted vegetables at the grocers, something no one but my family was desperate enough to eat. Unfortunately, the bins had just been emptied. When I passed the bakers, the smell of fresh bread was so overwhelming I felt dizzy. The ovens were in the back, and a golden glow spilled out the open kitchen door. I stood mesmerized by the heat and the luscious scent until the rain interfered, running its icy fingers down my back, forcing me back to life. I lifted the lid to the bakers trash bin and found it spotlessly, heartlessly bare. Suddenly a voice was screaming at me and I looked up to see the bakers wife, telling me to move on and did I want her to call the Peacekeepers and

how sick she was of having those brats from the Seam pawing through her trash. The words were ugly and I had no defense. As I carefully replaced the lid and backed away, I noticed him, a boy with blond hair peering out from behind his mothers back. Id seen him at school. He was in my year, but I didnt know his name. He stuck with the town kids, so how would I? His mother went back into the bakery, grumbling, but he must have been watching me as I made my way behind the pen that held their pig and leaned against the far side of an old apple tree. The realization that Id have nothing to take home had finally sunk in. My knees buckled and I slid down the tree trunk to its roots. It was too much. I was too sick and weak and tired, oh, so tired. Let them call the Peacekeepers and take us to the community home, I thought. Or better yet, let me die right here in the rain. There was a clatter in the bakery and I heard the woman screaming again and the sound of a blow, and I vaguely wondered what was going on. Feet sloshed toward me through the mud and I thought, Its her. Shes coming to drive me away with a stick. But it wasnt her. It was the boy. In his arms, he carried two large loaves of bread that must have fallen into the fire because the crusts were scorched black. His mother was yelling, Feed it to the pig, you stupid creature!

Why not? No one decent will buy burned bread! He began to tear off chunks from the burned parts and

toss them into the trough, and the front bakery bell rung and the mother disappeared to help a customer. The boy never even glanced my way, but I was watching him. Because of the bread, because of the red weal that stood out on his cheekbone. What had she hit him with? My parents never hit us. I couldnt even imagine it. The boy took one look back to the bakery as if checking that the coast was clear, then, his attention back on the pig, he threw a loaf of bread in my direction. The second quickly followed, and he sloshed back to the bakery, closing the kitchen door tightly behind him. I stared at the loaves in disbelief. They were fine, perfect really, except for the burned areas. Did he mean for me to have them? He must have. Because there they were at my feet. Before anyone could witness what had happened I shoved the loaves up under my shirt, wrapped the hunting jacket tightly about me, and walked swiftly away. The heat of the bread burned into my skin, but I clutched it tighter, clinging to life. By the time I reached home, the loaves had cooled somewhat,

but the insides were still warm. When I dropped them on the table, Prims hands reached to tear off a chunk, but I made her sit, forced my mother to join us at the table, and poured warm tea. I scraped off the black stuff and sliced the bread. We ate an entire loaf, slice by slice. It was good hearty bread, filled with raisins and nuts. I put my clothes to dry at the fire, crawled into bed, and fell into a dreamless sleep. It didnt occur to me until the next morning that the boy might have burned the bread on purpose. Might have dropped the loaves into the flames, knowing it meant being punished, and then delivered them to me. But I dismissed this. It must have been an accident. Why would he have done it? He didnt even know me. Still, just throwing me the bread was an enormous kindness that would have surely resulted in a beating if discovered. 1 couldnt explain his actions. We ate slices of bread for breakfast and headed to school. It was as if spring had come overnight. Warm sweet air. Fluffy clouds. At school, I passed the boy in the hall, his cheek had swelled up and his eye had blackened. He was with his friends and didnt acknowledge me in any way. But as I collected Prim and started for home that afternoon, I found him staring at me from across the school yard. Our eyes met for only a second, then he turned his head

away. I dropped my gaze, embarrassed, and thats when I saw it. The first dandelion of the year. A bell went off in my head. I thought of the hours spent in the woods with my father and I knew how we were going to survive. To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope, and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed. And more than once, I have turned in the school hallway and caught his eyes trained on me, only to quickly flit away. I feel like I owe him something, and I hate owing people. Maybe if I

had thanked him at some point, Id be feeling less conflicted now. I thought about it a couple of times, but the opportunity never seemed to present itself. And now it never will. Because were going to be thrown into an arena to fight to the death. Exactly how am I supposed to work in a thank-you in there? Somehow it just wont seem sincere if Im trying to slit his throat. The mayor finishes the dreary Treaty of Treason and motions for Peeta and me to shake hands. His are as solid and warm as those loaves of bread. Peeta looks me right in the eye and gives my hand what I think is meant to be a reassuring squeeze. Maybe its just a nervous spasm. We turn back to

face the crowd as the anthem of Panem plays. Oh, well, I think. There will be twenty-four of us. Odds are someone else will kill him before I do. Of course, the odds have not been very dependable of late.

3.

The moment the anthem ends, we are taken into custody. I dont mean were handcuffed or anything, but a group of Peacekeepers marches us through the front door of the Justice Building. Maybe tributes have tried to escape in the past. Ive never seen that happen though. Once inside, Im conducted to a room and left alone. Its the richest place Ive ever been in, with thick, deep carpets and a velvet couch and chairs. I know velvet because my mother has a dress with a collar made of the stuff. When I sit on the couch, I cant help running my fingers over the fabric repeatedly. It helps to calm me as I try to prepare for the next hour. The time allotted for the tributes to say goodbye to their loved ones. I cannot afford to get upset, to leave this room with puffy eyes and a red nose. Crying is not an option. There will be more

cameras at the train station. My sister and my mother come first. I reach out to Primand she climbs on my lap, her arms around my neck, headon my shoulder, just like she did when she was a toddler. My mother sits beside me and wraps her arms around us. For a few minutes, we say nothing. Then I start telling themall the things they must remember to do, now that I will not be there to do them for them. Prim is not to take any tesserae. They can get by, iftheyre careful, on selling Prims goat milk and cheese and the small apothecary business my mother now runs for the people in the Seam. Gale will get her the herbs she doesnt grow herself, but she must be very careful to describe them because hes not as familiar with them as I am. Hell also bring them game he and I made a pact about this a year or so ago and will probably not ask for compensation, but they should thank him with some kind of trade, like milk or medicine. I dont bother suggesting Prim learn to hunt. I tried to teach her a couple of times and it was disastrous. The woods terrified her, and whenever I shot something, shed get teary and talk about how we might be able to heal it if we got it home soon enough. But she makes out well with her goat, so I concentrate on that. When I am done with instructions about fuel,


and trading, and staying in school, I turn to my mother and grip her arm, hard. Listen to me. Are you listening to me? She nods, alarmed by my intensity. She must know whats coming. You cant leave again, I say. My mothers eyes find the floor. I know. I wont. I couldnt help what Well, you have to help it this time. You cant clock out and leave Prim on her own. Theres no me now to keep you both alive. It doesnt matter what happens. Whatever you see on the screen. You have to promise me youll fight through it! My voice has risen to a shout. In it is all the anger, all the fear I felt at her abandonment. She pulls her arm from my grasp, moved to anger herself now. I was ill. I could have treated myself if Id had the medicine I have now. That part about her being ill might be true. Ive seen her bring back people suffering from immobilizing sadness since. Perhaps it is a sickness, but its one we cant afford. Then take it. And take care of her! I say. Ill be all right, Katniss, says Prim, clasping my face in her hands. But you have to take care, too. Youre so fast and brave. Maybe you can win. I cant win. Prim must know that in her heart. The competition will be far beyond my abilities. Kids from wealthier districts, where winning is a huge honor, whove been trained their whole lives for this. Boys who are two to three times my size. Girls

who know twenty different ways to kill you with a knife. Oh, therell be people like me, too. People to weed out before the real fun begins. Maybe, I say, because I can hardly tell my mother to carry on if Ive already given up myself. Besides, it isnt in my nature to go down without a fight, even when things seem insurmountable. Then wed be rich as Haymitch. I dont care if were rich. I just want you to come home. You will try, wont you? Really, really try? asks Prim. Really, really try. I swear it, I say. And I know, because of Prim, Ill have to. And then the Peacekeeper is at the door, signaling our time is up, and were all hugging one another so hard it hurts and all Im saying is I love you. I love you both. And theyre saying it back and then the Peacekeeper orders them out and the door closes. I bury my head in one of the velvet pillows as if this can block the whole thing out. Someone else enters the room, and when I look up, Im surprised to see its the baker, Peeta Mellarks father. I cant believe hes come to visit me. After all, Ill be trying to kill his son soon. But we do know each other a bit, and he knows Prim even better. When she sells her goat cheeses at the Hob, she puts two of them aside for him and he gives her a generous amount of bread in return. We always wait to trade with him when his witch of a wife

isnt around because hes so much nicer. I feel certain he would never have hit his son the way she did over the burned bread. But why has he come to see me? The baker sits awkwardly on the edge of one of the plush chairs. Hes a big, broad-shouldered man with burn scars from years at the ovens. He must

have just said goodbye to his son. He pulls a white paper package from his jacket pocket and holds it out to me. I open it and find cookies. These are a luxury we can never afford. Thank you, I say. The bakers not a very talkative man in the best of times, and today he has no words at all. I had some of your bread this morning. My friend Gale gave you a squirrel for it. He nods, as if remembering the squirrel. Not your best trade, I say. He shrugs as if it couldnt possibly matter. Then I cant think of anything else, so we sit in silence until a Peacemaker summons him. He rises and coughs to clear his throat. Ill keep an eye on the little girl. Make sure shes eating. I feel some of the pressure in my chest lighten at his words. People deal with me, but they are genuinely fond of Prim. Maybe there will be enough fondness to keep her alive. My next guest is also unexpected. Madge walks straight to me. She is not weepy

or evasive, instead theres an urgency about her tone that surprises me. They let you wear one thing from your district in the arena. One thing to remind you of home. Will you wear this? She holds out the circular gold pin that was on her dress earlier. I hadnt paid much attention to it before, but now I see its a small bird in flight. Your pin? I say. Wearing a token from my district is about the last thing on my mind. Here, Ill put it on your dress, all right? Madge doesnt wait for an answer, she just leans in and fixes the bird to my dress. Promise youll wear it into the arena, Katniss? she asks. Promise? Yes, I say. Cookies. A pin. Im getting all kinds of gifts today. Madge gives me one more. A kiss on the cheek. Then shes gone and Im left thinking that maybe Madge really has been my friend all along. Finally, Gale is here and maybe there is nothing romantic between us, but when he opens his arms I dont hesitate to go into them. His body is familiar to me the way it moves, the smell of wood smoke, even the sound of his heart beating I know from quiet moments on a hunt but this is the first time I really feel it, lean and hard-muscled against my own. Listen, he says. Getting a knife should be pretty easy, but youve got to get your hands on a bow. Thats your best chance. They dont always have bows, I say, thinking of the

year there were only horrible spiked maces that the tributes had to bludgeon one another to death with. Then make one, says Gale. Even a weak bow is better than no bow at all. I have tried copying my fathers bows with poor results. Its not that easy. Even he had to scrap his own work sometimes. I dont even know if therell be wood, I say. Another year, they tossed everybody into a landscape of nothing but boulders and sand and scruffy bushes. I particularly hated that year. Many contestants were bitten by venomous snakes or went insane from thirst. Theres almost always some wood, Gale says. Since that year half of them died of cold. Not much entertainment in that. Its true. We spent one Hunger Games watching the

players freeze to death at night. You could hardly see them because they were just huddled in balls and had no wood for fires or torches or anything. It was considered very anti-climactic in the Capitol, all those quiet, bloodless deaths. Since then, theres usually been wood to make fires. Yes, theres usually some, I say. Katniss, its just hunting. Youre the best hunter I know, says Gale. Its not just hunting. Theyre armed. They think, I say. So do you. And youve had more practice. Real

practice, he says. You know how to kill. Not people, I say. How different can it be, really? says Gale grimly. The awful thing is that if I can forget theyre people, it will be no different at all. The Peacekeepers are back too soon and Gale asks for more time, but theyre taking him away and I start to panic. Dont let them starve! I cry out, clinging to his hand. I wont! You know I wont! Katniss, remember I he says, and they yank us apart and slam the door and Ill never know what it was he wanted me to remember. Its a short ride from the Justice Building to the train station. Ive never been in a car before. Rarely even ridden in wagons. In the Seam, we travel on foot. Ive been right not to cry. The station is swarming with reporters with their insectlike cameras trained directly on my face. But Ive had a lot of practice at wiping my face clean of emotions and I do this now. I catch a glimpse of myself on the television screen on the wall thats airing my arrival live and feel gratified that I appear almost bored. Peeta Mellark, on the other hand, has obviously been crying and interestingly enough does not seem to be trying to cover it up. I immediately wonder if this will be his strategy in the Games. To appear weak and frightened, to reassure the other tributes that he is no competition at all, and then come out fighting. This worked very

well for a girl, Johanna Mason, from District 7 a few years back. She seemed like such a sniveling, cowardly fool that no one bothered about her until there were only a handful of contestants left. It turned out she could kill viciously. Pretty clever, the way she played it. But this seems an odd strategy for Peeta Mellark because hes a bakers son. All those years of having enough to eat and hauling bread trays around have made him broad-shouldered and strong. It will take an awful lot of weeping to convince anyone to overlook him. We have to stand for a few minutes in the doorway of the train while the cameras gobble up our images, then were allowed inside and the doors close mercifully behind us. The train begins to move at once. The speed initially takes my breath away. Of course, Ive never been on a train, as travel between the districts is forbidden except for officially sanctioned duties. For us, thats mainly transporting coal. But this is no ordinary coal train. Its one of the high-speed Capitol models that average 250 miles per hour. Our journey to the Capitol will take less than a day. In school, they tell us the Capitol

was built in a place once called the Rockies. District 12 was in a region known is

Appalachia. Even hundreds of years ago, they mined coal here. Which is why our miners have to dig so deep. Somehow it all comes back to coal at school. Besides basic reading and math most of our instruction is coal-related. Except for the weekly lecture on the history of Panem. Its mostly a lot of blather about what we owe the Capitol. I know there must be more than theyre telling us, an actual account of what happened during the rebellion. But I dont spend much time thinking about it. Whatever the truth is, I dont see how it will help me get food on the table. The tribute train is fancier than even the room in the Justice Building. We are each given our own chambers that have a bedroom, a dressing area, and a private bathroom with hot and cold running water. We dont have hot water at home, unless we boil it. There are drawers filled with fine clothes, and Effie Trinket tells me to do anything I want, wear anything I want, everything is at my disposal. Just be ready for supper in an hour. I peel off my mothers blue dress and take a hot shower. Ive never had a shower before. Its like being in a summer rain, only warmer. I dress in a dark green shirt and pants. At the last minute, I remember Madges little gold pin. For the first time, I get a good look at it. Its as if someone fashioned a small golden bird and then attached a ring

around it. The bird is connected to the ring only by its wing tips. I suddenly recognize it. A mocking jay. Theyre funny birds and something of a slap in the face to the Capitol. During the rebellion, the Capitol bred a series of genetically altered animals as weapons. The common term for them was muttations, or sometimes mutts for short. One was a special bird called a jabber jay that had the ability to memorize and repeat whole human conversations. They were homing birds, exclusively male, that were released into regions where the Capitols enemies were known to be hiding. After the birds gathered words, theyd fly back to centers to be recorded. It took people awhile to realize what was going on in the districts, how private conversations were being transmitted. Then, of course, the rebels fed the Capitol endless lies, and the joke was on it. So the centers were shut down and the birds were abandoned to die off in the wild. Only they didnt die off. Instead, the jabber jays mated with female mockingbirds creating a whole new species that could replicate both bird whistles and human melodies. They had lost the ability to enunciate words but could still mimic a range of human vocal sounds, from a childs high-pitched warble to a mans deep tones. And they could re-create songs. Not just a few notes, but whole songs

with multiple verses, if you had the patience to sing them and if they liked your voice. My father was particularly fond of mockingjays. When we went hunting, he would whistle or sing complicated songs to them and, after a polite

pause, theyd always sing back. Not everyone is treated with such respect. But whenever my father sang, all the birds in the area would fall silent and listen. His voice was that beautiful, high and clear and so filled with life it made you want to laugh and cry at the same time. I could never bring myself to continue the practice after he was gone. Still, theres something comforting about the little bird. Its like having a piece of my father with me, protecting me. I fasten the pin onto my shirt, and with the dark green fabric as a background, I can almost imagine the mockingjay flying through the trees. Effie Trinket comes to collect me for supper. I follow her through the narrow, rocking corridor into a dining room with polished paneled walls. Theres a table where all the dishes are highly breakable. Peeta Mellark sits waiting for us, the chair next to him empty. Wheres Haymitch? asks Effie Trinket brightly. Last time I saw him, he said he was going to take a nap, says Peeta. Well, its been an

exhausting day, says Effie Trinket. I think shes relieved by Haymitchs absence, and who can blame her? The supper comes in courses. A thick carrot soup, green salad, lamb chops and mashed potatoes, cheese and fruit, a chocolate cake. Throughout the meal, Effie Trinket keeps reminding us to save space because theres more to come. But Im stuffing myself because Ive never had food like this, so good and so much, and because probably the best thing I can do between now and the Games is put on a few pounds. At least, you two have decent manners, says Effie as were finishing the main course. The pair last year ate everything with their hands like a couple of savages. It completely upset my digestion. The pair last year were two kids from the Seam whod never, not one day of their lives, had enough to eat. And when they did have food, table manners were surely the last thing on their minds. Peetas a bakers son. My mother taught Prim and I to eat properly, so yes, I can handle a fork and knife. But I hate Effie Trinkets comment so much I make a point of eating the rest of my meal with my fingers. Then I wipe my hands on the tablecloth. This makes her purse her lips tightly together. Now that the meals over, Im fighting to keep the food down. I can see Peetas looking a little green, too. Neither of our

stomachs is used to such rich fare. But if I can hold down Greasy Saes concoction of mice meat, pig entrails, and tree bark a winter specialty Im determined to hang on to this. We go to another compartment to watch the recap of the reapings across Panem. They try to stagger them throughout the day so a person could conceivably watch the whole thing live, but only people in the Capitol could really do that, since none of them have to attend reapings themselves. One by one, we see the other reapings, the names called, (the volunteers stepping forward or, more often, not. We examine the faces of the kids who will be our competition. A few stand out in my mind. A

monstrous boy who lunges forward to volunteer from District 2. A fox-faced girl with sleek red hair from District 5. A boy with a crippled foot from District 10. And most hauntingly, a twelve-year-old girl from District 11. She has dark brown skin and eyes, but other than that, shes very like Prim in size and demeanor. Only when she mounts the stage and they ask for volunteers, all you can hear is the wind whistling through the decrepit buildings around her. Theres no one willing to take her place. Last of all, they show District 12. Prim being called, me running forward to

volunteer. You cant miss the desperation in my voice as I shove Prim behind me, as if Im afraid no one will hear and theyll take Prim away. But, of course, they do hear. I see Gale pulling her off me and watch myself mount the stage. The commentators are not sure what to say about the crowds refusal to applaud. The silent salute. One says that District 12 has always been a bit backward but that local customs can be charming. As if on cue, Haymitch falls off the stage, and they groan comically. Peetas name is drawn, and he quietly takes his place. We shake hands. They cut to the anthem again, and the pro-gram ends. Effie Trinket is disgruntled about the state her wig was in. Your mentor has a lot to learn about presentation. A lot about televised behavior. Peeta unexpectedly laughs. He was drunk, says Peeta. Hes drunk every year. Every day, I add. I cant help smirking a little. Effie Trinket makes it sound like Haymitch just has somewhat rough manners that could be corrected with a few tips from her. Yes, hisses Effie Trinket. How odd you two find it amusing. You know your mentor is your lifeline to the world in these Games. The one who advises you, lines up your sponsors, and dictates the presentation of any gifts. Haymitch can well be the difference between your life and your death! Just then,

Haymitch staggers into the compartment. I miss supper? he says in a slurred voice. Then he vomits all over the expensive carpet and falls in the mess. So laugh away! says Effie Trinket. She hops in her pointy shoes around the pool of vomit and flees the room.

4.

For a few moments, Peeta and I take in the scene of our mentor trying to rise out of the slippery vile stuff from his stomach. The reek of vomit and raw spirits almost brings my dinner up. We exchange a glance. Obviously Haymitch isnt much, but Effie Trinket is right about one thing, once were in the arena hes all weve got. As if by some unspoken agreement, Peeta and I each take one of Haymitchs arms and help him to his feet. I tripped? Haymitch asks. Smells bad. He wipes his hand on his nose, smearing his face with vomit. Lets get you back to your room, says Peeta. Clean you up a bit. We half-lead half-carry Haymitch back to his compartment. Since we cant exactly set him down on the embroidered bedspread, we haul him into the bathtub

and turn the shower on him. He hardly notices. Its okay, Peeta says to me. Ill take it from here. I cant

help feeling a little grateful since the last thing I want to do is strip down Haymitch, wash the vomit out of his chest hair, and tuck him into bed. Possibly Peeta is trying to make a good impression on him, to be his favorite once the Games begin. But judging by the state hes in, Haymitch will have no memory of this tomorrow. All right, I say. I can send one of the Capitol people to help you. Theres any number on the train. Cooking for us. Waiting on us. Guarding us. Taking care of us is their job. No. I dont want them, says Peeta. I nod and head to my own room. I understand how Peeta feels. I cant stand the sight of the Capitol people myself. But making them deal with Haymitch might be a small form of revenge. So Im pondering the reason why he insists on taking care of Haymitch and all of a sudden I think, Its because hes being kind. Just as he was kind to give me the bread. The idea pulls me up short. A kind Peeta Mellark is far more dangerous to me than an unkind one. Kind people have a way of working their way inside me and rooting there. And I cant let Peeta do this.

Not where were going. So I decide, from this moment on, to have as little as possible to do with the bakers son. When I get back to my room, the train is pausing at a platform to refuel. I quickly open the window, toss the cookies Peetas father gave me out of the train, and slam the glass shut. No more. No more of either of them. Unfortunately, the packet of cookies hits the ground and bursts open in a patch of dandelions by the track. I only see the image for a moment, because the train is off again, but its enough. Enough to remind me of that other dandelion in the school yard years ago . . . I had just turned away from Peeta Mellarks bruised face when I saw the dandelion and I knew hope wasnt lost. I plucked it carefully and hurried home. I grabbed a bucket and Prims hand and headed to the Meadow and yes, it was dotted with the golden-headed weeds. After wed harvested those, we scrounged along inside the fence for probably a mile until wed filled the bucket with the dandelion greens, stems, and flowers. That night, we gorged ourselves on dandelion salad and the rest of the bakery bread. What else? Prim asked me. What other food can we find? All kinds of things, I promised her. I just have to remember them. My mother had a book shed brought with her from the apothecary shop. The pages were

made of old parchment and covered in ink drawings of plants. Neat handwritten blocks told their names, where to gather them, when they came in bloom, their medical uses. But my father added other entries to the book. Plants for eating, not healing. Dandelions, pokeweed, wild onions, pines. Prim and I spent the rest of the night poring over those pages. The next day, we were off school. For a while I hung around the edges of the Meadow, but finally I worked up the courage to go under the fence. It was the first time Id been there alone, without my fathers weapons to protect me. But I

retrieved the small bow and arrows hed made me from a hollow tree. I probably didnt go more than twenty yards into the woods that day. Most of the time, I perched up in the branches of an old oak, hoping for game to come by. After several hours, I had the good luck to kill a rabbit. Id shot a few rabbits before, with my fathers guidance. But this Id done on my own. We hadnt had meat in months. The sight of the rabbit seemed to stir something in my mother. She roused herself, skinned the carcass, and made a stew with the meat and some more greens Prim had

gathered. Then she acted confused and went back to bed, but when the stew was done, we made her eat a bowl. The woods became our savior, and each day I went a bit farther into its arms. It was slow-going at first, but I was determined to feed us. I stole eggs from nests, caught fish in nets, sometimes managed to shoot a squirrel or rabbit for stew, and gathered the various plants that sprung up beneath my feet. Plants are tricky. Many are edible, but one false mouthful and youre dead. I checked and double-checked the plants I harvested with my fathers pictures. I kept us alive. Any sign of danger, a distant howl, the inexplicable break of a branch, sent me flying back to the fence at first. Then I began to risk climbing trees to escape the wild dogs that quickly got bored and moved on. Bears and cats lived deeper in, perhaps disliking the sooty reek of our district. On May 8th, I went to the Justice Building, signed up for my tesserae, and pulled home my first batch of grain and oil in Prims toy wagon. On the eighth of every month, I was entitled to do the same. I couldnt stop hunting and gathering, of course. The grain was not enough to live on, and there were other things to buy, soap and milk and thread. What we didnt absolutely have to eat, I began to trade at the Hob. It was frightening to enter that place without my

father at my side, but people had respected him, and they accepted me. Game was game after all, no matter whod shot it. I also sold at the back doors of the wealthier clients in town, trying to remember what my father had told me and learning a few new tricks as well. The butcher would buy my rabbits but not squirrels. The baker enjoyed squirrel but would only trade for one if his wife wasnt around. The Head Peacekeeper loved wild turkey. The mayor had a passion for strawberries. In late summer, I was washing up in a pond when I noticed the plants growing around me. Tall with leaves like arrowheads. Blossoms with three white petals. I knelt down in the water, my fingers digging into the soft mud, and I pulled up handfuls of the roots. Small, bluish tubers that dont look like much but boiled or baked are as good as any potato. Katniss, I said aloud. Its the plant I was named for. And I heard my fathers voice joking, As long as you can find yourself, youll never starve. I spent hours stirring up the pond bed with my toes and a stick, gathering the tubers that floated to the top.

That night, we feasted on fish and Katniss roots until we were all, for the first

time in months, full. Slowly, my mother returned to us. She began to clean and cook and preserve some of the food I brought in for winter. People traded us or paid money for her medical remedies. One day, I heard her singing. Prim was thrilled to have her back, but I kept watching, waiting for her to disappear on us again. I didnt trust her. And some small gnarled place inside me hated her for her weakness, for her neglect, for the months she had put us through. Prim forgave her, but I had taken a step back from my mother, put up a wall to protect myself from needing her, and nothing was ever the same between us again. Now I was going to die without that ever being set right. I thought of how I had yelled at her today in the Justice Building. I had told her I loved her, too, though. So maybe it would all balance out. For a while I stand staring out the train window, wishing I could open it again, but unsure of what would happen at such high speed. In the distance, I see the lights of another district. 7? 10? I dont know. I think about the people in their houses, settling in for bed. I imagine my home, with its shutters drawn tight. What are they doing now, my mother and Prim? Were they able to eat supper? The fish stew and the strawberries? Or did it lay untouched on their plates? Did they watch the recap of the days events on the battered old TV that sits on the table against the wall? Surely, there were more tears. Is my mother holding up, being strong for Prim? Or has she already started to slip away, leaving the weight of the world on my sisters fragile shoulders? Prim will undoubtedly sleep with my mother tonight. The thought of that scruffy old Buttercup posting himself on the bed to watch over Prim comforts me. If she cries, he will nose his way into her arms and curl up there until she calms down and falls asleep. Im so glad I didnt drown him. Imagining my home makes me ache with loneliness. This day has been endless. Could Gale and I have been eating blackberries only this morning? It seems like a lifetime ago. Like a long dream that deteriorated into a nightmare. Maybe, if I go to sleep, I will wake up back in District 12, where I belong. Probably the drawers hold any number of nightgowns, but I just strip off my shirt and pants and climb into bed in my underwear. The sheets are made of soft, silky fabric. A thick fluffy comforter gives immediate warmth. If Im going to cry, now is the time to do it. By morning, Ill be able to wash the damage done by the tears from my face. But no tears come. Im too tired or too numb to cry. The only thing I feel is a desire to be somewhere else. So I let the train rock me into oblivion. Gray light is leaking through

the curtains when the rapping rouses me. I hear Effie Trinkets voice, calling me to rise. Up, up, up! Its going to be a big, big, big day! I try and imagine, for a moment, what it must be like inside that

womans head. What thoughts fill her waking hours? What dreams come to her at night? I have no idea. I put the green outfit back on since its not really dirty, just slightly crumpled from spending the night on the floor. My fingers trace the circle around the little gold mockingjay and I think of the woods, and of my father, and of my mother and Prim waking up, having to get on with things. I slept in the elaborate braided hair my mother did for the reaping and it doesnt look too bad, so I just leave it up. It doesnt matter. We cant be far from the Capitol now. And once we reach the city, my stylist will dictate my look for the opening ceremonies tonight anyway. I just hope I get one who doesnt think nudity is the last word in fashion. As I enter the dining car, Effie Trinket brushes by me with a cup of black coffee. Shes muttering obscenities under her breath. Haymitch, his face puffy and red from the previous days indulgences, is chuckling. Peeta holds a roll and looks somewhat embarrassed.Sit down! Sit down! says Haymitch, waving me over. The moment I slide into my chair Im served an enormous platter of food. Eggs, ham, piles of fried potatoes. A tureen of fruit sits in ice to keep it chilled. The basket of rolls they set before me would keep my family going for a week. Theres an elegant glass of orange juice. At least, I think its orange juice. Ive only even tasted an orange once, at New Years when my father bought one as a special treat. A cup of coffee. My mother adores coffee, which we could almost never afford, but it only tastes bitter and thin to me. A rich brown cup of something Ive never seen. They call it hot chocolate, says Peeta. Its good. I take a sip of the hot, sweet, creamy liquid and a shudder runs through me. Even though the rest of the meal beckons, I ignore it until Ive drained my cup. Then I stuff down every mouthful I can hold, which is a substantial amount, being careful to not overdo it on the richest stuff. One time, my mother told me that I always eat like Ill never see food again. And I said, I wont unless I bring it home. That shut her up. When my stomach feels like its about to split open, I lean back and take in my breakfast companions. Peeta is still eating, breaking off bits of roll and dipping them in hot chocolate. Haymitch hasnt paid much attention to his platter, but hes knocking

back a glass of red juice that he keeps thinning with a clear liquid from a bottle. Judging by the fumes, its some kind of spirit. I dont know Haymitch, but Ive seen him often enough in the Hob, tossing handfuls of money on the counter of the woman who sells white liquor. Hell be incoherent by the time we reach the Capitol. I realize I detest Haymitch. No wonder the District 12 tributes never stand a chance. It isnt just that weve been underfed and lack training. Some of our tributes have still been strong enough to make a go of it. But we rarely get sponsors and hes a big part of the reason why. The rich people who back tributes

either because theyre betting on them or simply for the bragging rights of picking a winner expect someone classier than Haymitch to deal with. So, youre supposed to give us advice, I say to Haymitch. Heres some advice. Stay alive, says Haymitch, and then bursts out laughing. I exchange a look with Peeta before I remember Im having nothing more to do with him. Im surprised to see the hardness in his eyes. He generally seems so mild. Thats very funny, says Peeta. Suddenly he lashes out at the glass in Haymitchs hand. It shatters on the floor, sending the bloodred liquid running toward the back of the train. Only not to us. Haymitch considers this a moment, then punches Peeta in the jaw, knocking him from his chair. When he turns back to reach for the spirits, I drive my knife into the table between his hand and the bottle, barely missing his fingers. I brace myself to deflect his hit, but it doesnt come. Instead he sits back and squints at us. Well, whats this? says Haymitch. Did I actually get a pair of fighters this year? Peeta rises from the floor and scoops up a handful of ice from under the fruit tureen. He starts to raise it to the red mark on his jaw. No, says Haymitch, stopping him. Let the bruise show. The audience will think youve mixed it up with another tribute before youve even made it to the arena. Thats against the rules, says Peeta. Only if they catch you. That bruise will say you fought, you werent caught, even better, says Haymitch. He turns to me. Can you hit anything with that knife besides a table? The bow and arrow is my weapon. But Ive spent a fair amount of time throwing knives as well. Sometimes, if Ive wounded an animal with an arrow, its better to get a knife into it, too, before I approach it. I realize that if I want Haymitchs attention, this is my moment to make an impression. I yank the knife out of the table, get a grip on the blade, and then throw it into the wall

across the room. I was actually just hoping to get a good solid stick, but it lodges in the seam between two panels, making me look a lot better than I am. Stand over here. Both of you, says Haymitch, nodding to the middle of the room. We obey and he circles us, prodding us like animals at times, checking our muscles, examining our faces. Well, youre not entirely hopeless. Seem fit. And once the stylists get hold of you, youll be attractive enough. Peeta and I dont question this. The Hunger Games arent a beauty contest, but the best-looking tributes always seem to pull more sponsors. All right, Ill make a deal with you. You dont interfere with my drinking, and Ill stay sober enough to help you, says Haymitch. But you have to do exactly what I say. Its not much of a deal but still a giant step forward from ten minutes ago when we had no guide at all. Fine, says Peeta. So help us, I say. When we get to the arena, whats the best strategy at the Cornucopia for someone One thing at a time. In a few minutes, well be pulling into the station. Youll be put in the

hands of your stylists. Youre not going to like what they do to you. But no matter what it is, dont resist, says Haymitch. But I begin. No buts. Dont resist, says Haymitch. He takes the bottle of spirits from the table and leaves the car. As the door swings shut behind him, the car goes dark. There are still a few lights inside, but outside its as if night has fallen again. I realize we must be in the tunnel that runs up through the mountains into the Capitol. The mountains form a natural barrier between the Capitol and the eastern districts. It is almost impossible to enter from the east except through the tunnels. This geographical advantage was a major factor in the districts losing the war that led to my being a tribute today. Since the rebels had to scale the mountains, they were easy targets for the Capitols air forces. Peeta Mellark and I stand in silence as the train speeds along. The tunnel goes on and on and I think of the tons of rock separating me from the sky, and my chest tightens. I hate being encased in stone this way. It reminds me of the mines and my father, trapped, unable to reach sunlight, buried forever in the darkness. The train finally begins to slow and suddenly bright light floods the compartment. We cant help it. Both Peeta and I run to the window to see what weve only seen on television, the Capitol, the ruling city of Panem. The cameras havent lied about its grandeur. If anything, they have not quite captured the magnificence of the glistening buildings in

a rainbow of hues that tower into the air, the shiny cars that roll down the wide paved streets, the oddly dressed people with bizarre hair and painted faces who have never missed a meal. All the colors seem artificial, the pinks too deep, the greens too bright, the yellows painful to the eyes, like the flat round disks of hard candy we can never afford to buy at the tiny sweet shop in District 12. The people begin to point at us eagerly as they recognize a tribute train rolling into the city. I step away from the window, sickened by their excitement, knowing they cant wait to watch us die. But Peeta holds his ground, actually waving and smiling at the gawking crowd. He only stops when the train pulls into the station, blocking us from their view. He sees me staring at him and shrugs. Who knows? he says. One of them may be rich. I have misjudged him. I think of his actions since the reaping began. The friendly squeeze of my hand. His father showing up with the cookies and promising to feed Prim . . . Did Peeta put him up to that? His tears at the station. Volunteering to wash Haymitch but then challenging him this morning when apparently the nice-guy approach had failed. And now the waving at the window, already trying to win the crowd. All of the pieces are still fitting together, but I sense he has a plan forming. He hasnt accepted

his death. He is already fighting hard to stay alive. Which also means that kind Peeta Mellark, the boy who gave me the bread, is

fighting hard to kill me.

5.

R-i-i-i-p! I grit my teeth as Venia, a woman with aqua hair and gold tattoos above her eyebrows, yanks a strip of Fabric from my leg tearing out the hair beneath it. Sorry! she pipes in her silly Capitol accent. Youre just so hairy! Why do these people speak in such a high pitch? Why do their jaws barely open when they talk? Why do the ends of their sentences go up as if theyre asking a question? Odd vowels, clipped words, and always a hiss on the letter s . . . No wonder its impossible not to mimic them. Venia makes whats supposed to be a sympathetic face. Good news, though. This is the last one. Ready? I get a grip on the edges of the table Im seated on and nod. The final swathe of my leg hair is uprooted in a painful jerk. Ive been in the Remake Center for more than three hours and I still havent met my stylist. Apparently he has no interest in seeing me until Venia and the other members of my prep team have addressed some obvious problems. This has included scrubbing down my body with a gritty loam that has removed not only dirt but at least three layers of skin, turning my nails into uniform shapes, and primarily, ridding my body of hair. My legs, arms, torso, underarms, and parts of my eyebrows have been stripped of the Muff, leaving me like a plucked bird, ready for roasting. I dont like it. My skin feels sore and tingling

and intensely vulnerable. But I have kept my side of the bargain with Haymitch, and no objection has crossed my lips. Youre doing very well, says some guy named Flavius. He gives his orange corkscrew locks a shake and applies a fresh coat of purple lipstick to his mouth. If theres one thing we cant stand, its a whiner. Grease her down! Venia and Octavia, a plump woman whose entire body has been dyed a pale shade of pea green, rub me down with a lotion that first stings but then soothes my raw skin. Then they pull me from the table, removing the thin robe Ive been allowed to wear off and on. I stand there, completely naked, as the three circle me, wielding tweezers to remove any last bits of hair. I know I should be embarrassed, but theyre so unlike people that Im no more self-conscious than if a trio of oddly colored birds were pecking around my feet. The three step back and admire their work. Excellent! You almost look like a human being now! says Flavius, and they all laugh. I force my lips up into a smile to show how grateful I am. Thank you, I say sweetly. We dont have much cause to look nice in District Twelve. This wins them over completely. Of course, you dont, you poor darling! says Octavia clasping her hands together in distress for me. But dont worry, says Venia. By the time Cinna is through with you, youre going to be absolutely gorgeous! We promise! You know, now that weve gotten rid of all the hair and filth, youre not horrible at all! says Flavius encouragingly. Lets call Cinna! They dart out of the room. Its hard to hate my prep team. Theyre such total idiots. And yet, in an odd way, I know

theyre sincerely trying to help me. I look at the cold white walls and floor and resist the impulse to retrieve my robe. But this Cinna, my stylist, will surely make me remove it at once. Instead my hands go to my hairdo, the one area of my body my prep team had been told to leave alone. My fingers stroke the silky braids my mother so carefully arranged. My mother. I left her blue dress and shoes on the floor of my train car, never thinking about retrieving them, of trying to hold on to a piece of her, of home. Now I wish I had. The door opens and a young man who must be Cinna enters. Im taken aback by how normal he looks. Most of the stylists they interview on television are so dyed, stenciled, and surgically altered theyre grotesque. But Cinnas close-cropped hair appears to be its natural shade of brown. Hes in a simple black shirt and pants. The only concession to self-alteration seems to be metallic gold

eyeliner that has been applied with a light hand. It brings out the flecks of gold in his green eyes. And, despite my disgust with the Capitol and their hideous fashions, I cant help thinking how attractive it looks. Hello, Katniss. Im Cinna, your stylist, he says in a quiet voice somewhat lacking in the Capitols affectations. Hello, I venture cautiously. Just give me a moment, all right? he asks. He walks around my naked body, not touching me, but taking in every inch of it with his eyes. I resist the impulse to cross my arms over my chest. Who did your hair? My mother, I say. Its beautiful. Classic really. And in almost perfect balance with your profile. She has very clever fingers, he says. I had expected someone flamboyant, someone older trying desperately to look young, someone who viewed me as a piece of meat to be prepared for a platter. Cinna has met none of these expectations. Youre new, arent you? I dont think Ive seen you before, I say. Most of the stylists are familiar, constants in the ever-changing pool of tributes. Some have been around my whole life. Yes, this is my first year in the Games, says Cinna. So they gave you District Twelve, I say. Newcomers generally end up with us, the least desirable district. I asked for District Twelve, he says without further explanation. Why dont you put on your robe and well have a chat. Pulling on my robe, I follow him through a door into a sitting room. Two red couches face off over a low table. Three walls are blank, the fourth is entirely glass, providing a window to the city. I can see by the light that it must be around noon, although the sunny sky has turned overcast. Cinna invites me to sit on one of the couches and takes his place across from me. He presses a button on the side of the table. The top splits and from below rises a second tabletop that holds our lunch. Chicken and chunks of oranges cooked in a creamy sauce laid on a bed of pearly white grain, tiny green peas and onions, rolls shaped like flowers, and for dessert, a pudding the color of honey. I try to imagine

assembling this meal myself back home. Chickens are too expensive, but I could make do with a wild turkey. Id need to shoot a second turkey to trade for an orange. Goats milk would have to substitute for cream. We can grow peas in the garden. Id have to get wild onions from the woods. I dont recognize the grain, our own tessera ration cooks down to an unattractive brown mush. Fancy rolls would mean another trade with the baker, perhaps for two or three squirrels. As for the

pudding, I cant even guess whats in it. Days of hunting and gathering for this one meal and even then it would be a poor substitution for the Capitol version. What must it be like, I wonder, to live in a world where food appears at the press of a button? How would I spend the hours I now commit to combing the woods for sustenance if it were so easy to come by? What do they do all day, these people in the Capitol, besides decorating their bodies and waiting around for a new shipment of tributes to roll in and die for their entertainment? I look up and find Cinnas eyes trained on mine. How despicable we must seem to you, he says. Has he seen this in my face or somehow read my thoughts? Hes right, though. The whole rotten lot of them is despicable. No matter, says Cinna. So, Katniss, about your costume for the opening ceremonies. My partner, Portia, is the stylist for your fellow tribute, Peeta. And our current thought is to dress you in complementary costumes, says Cinna. As you know, its customary to reflect the flavor of the district. For the opening ceremonies, youre supposed to wear something that suggests your districts principal industry. District 11, agriculture. District 4, fishing. District 3, factories. This means that coming from District 12, Peeta and I will be in some kind of coal miners getup.Since the baggy miners jumpsuits are not particularly becoming, our tributes usually end up in skimpy outfits and hats with headlamps. One year, our tributes were stark naked and covered in black powder to represent coal dust. Its always dreadful and does nothing to win favor with the crowd. I prepare myself for the worst. So, Ill be in a coal miner outfit? I ask, hoping it wont be indecent. Not exactly. You see, Portia and I think that coal miner things very overdone. No one will remember you in that. And we both see it as our job to make the District Twelve tributes unforgettable, says Cinna. Ill be naked for sure, I think. So rather than focus on the coal mining itself, were going to focus on the coal, says Cinna. Naked and covered in black dust, I think. And what do we do with coal? We burn it, says Cinna. Youre not afraid of fire, are you, Katniss? He sees my expression and grins. A few hours later, I am dressed in what will either be the most sensational or the deadliest costume in the opening ceremonies. Im in a simple black unitard that covers me from ankle to neck. Shiny leather boots lace up to my knees. But its the fluttering cape made of streams of orange, yellow,


and red and the matching headpiece that define this costume. Cinna plans to light them on fire just before our chariot rolls into the streets. Its not real flame, of course, just a little synthetic fire Portia and I came up with. Youll be perfectly safe, he says. But Im not convinced I wont be perfectly barbecued by the time we reach the citys center. My face is relatively clear of makeup, just a bit of highlighting here and there. My hair has been brushed out and then braided down my back in my usual style. I want the audience to recognize you when youre in the arena, says Cinna dreamily. Katniss, the girl who was on fire. It crosses my mind that Cinnas calm and normal demeanor masks a complete madman. Despite this mornings revelation about Peetas character, Im actually relieved when he shows up, dressed in an identical costume. He should know about fire, being a bakers son and all. His stylist, Portia, and her team accompany him in, and everyone is absolutely giddy with excitement over what a splash well make. Except Cinna. He just seems a bit weary as he accepts congratulations. Were whisked down to the bottom level of the Remake Center, which is essentially a gigantic stable. The opening ceremonies are about to start. Pairs of tributes are being loaded into chariots pulled by teams of four horses.Ours are coal black. The animals are so well trained, no one even needs to guide their reins. Cinna and Portia direct us into the chariot and carefully arrange our body positions, the drape of our capes, before moving off to consult with each other. What do you think? I whisper to Peeta. About the fire? Ill rip off your cape if youll rip off mine, he says through gritted teeth. Deal, I say. Maybe, if we can get them off soon enough, well avoid the worst burns. Its bad though. Theyll throw us into the arena no matter what condition were in. I know we promised Haymitch wed do exactly what they said, but I dont think he considered this angle. Where is Haymitch, anyway? Isnt he supposed to protect us from this sort of thing? says Peeta. With all that alcohol in him, its probably not advisable to have him around an open flame, I say. And suddenly were both laughing. I guess were both so nervous about the Games and more pressingly, petrified of being turned into human torches, were not acting sensibly. The opening music begins. Its easy to hear, blasted around the Capitol. Massive doors slide open revealing the crowd-lined streets. The ride lasts about twenty minutes and ends up at the City Circle, where they will welcome us, play the anthem, and escort us into the Training Center, which will be our home/prison until

the Games begin. The tributes from District 1 ride out in a chariot pulled by snow-white horses. They look so beautiful, spray-painted silver, in tasteful tunics glittering with jewels. District 1 makes luxury items for the Capitol. You can hear the roar of the crowd. They are always favorites. District 2 gets into position to follow them. In

no time at all, we are approaching the door and I can see that between the overcast sky and evening hour the light is turning gray. The tributes from District 11 are just rolling out when Cinna appears with a lighted torch. Here we go then, he says, and before we can react he sets our capes on fire. I gasp, waiting for the heat, but there is only a faint tickling sensation. Cinna climbs up before us and ignites our headdresses. He lets out a sign of relief. It works. Then he gently tucks a hand under my chin. Remember, heads high. Smiles. Theyre going to love you! Cinna jumps off the chariot and has one last idea. He shouts something up at us, but the music drowns him out. He shouts again and gestures. Whats he saying? I ask Peeta. For the first time, I look at him and realize that ablaze with the fake flames, he is dazzling. And I must be, too. I think he said for us to hold hands, says Peeta. He grabs my right hand in his left, and we look to Cinna for confirmation. He nods and gives a thumbs-up, and thats the last thing I see before we enter the city. The crowds initial alarm at our appearance quickly changes to cheers and shouts of District Twelve! Every head is turned our way, pulling the focus from the three chariots ahead of us. At first, Im frozen, but then I catch sight of us on a large television screen and am floored by how breathtaking we look. In the deepening twilight, the firelight illuminates our faces. We seem to be leaving a trail of fire off the flowing capes. Cinna was right about the minimal makeup, we both look more attractive but utterly recognizable. Remember, heads high. Smiles. Theyre going to love you! I hear Cinnas voice in my head. I lift my chin a bit higher, put on my most winning smile, and wave with my free hand. Im glad now I have Peeta to clutch for balance, he is so steady, solid as a rock. As I gain confidence, I actually blow a few kisses to the crowd. The people of the Capitol are going nuts, showering us with flowers, shouting our names, our first names, which they have bothered to find on the program. The pounding music, the cheers, the admiration work their way into my blood, and I cant suppress my excitement. Cinna has given me a great advantage. No one will forget me. Not my look, not my name.

Katniss. The girl who was on fire. For the first time, I feel a flicker of hope rising up in me. Surely, there must be one sponsor willing to take me on! And with a little extra help, some food, the right weapon, why should I count myself out of the Games? Someone throws me a red rose. I catch it, give it a delicate sniff, and blow a kiss back in the general direction of the giver. A hundred hands reach up to catch my kiss, as if it were a real and tangible thing. Katniss! Katniss! I can hear my name being called from all sides. Everyone wants my kisses. Its not until we enter the City Circle that I realize I must have completely stopped the circulation in Peetas hand. Thats how tightly Ive been holding it. I look

down at our linked fingers as I loosen my grasp, but he regains his grip on me. No, dont let go of me, he says. The firelight flickers off his blue eyes. Please. I might fall out of this thing. Okay, I say. So I keep holding on, but I cant help feeling strange about the way Cinna has linked us together. Its not really fair to present us as a team and then lock us into the arena to kill each other. The twelve chariots fill the loop of the City Circle. On the buildings that surround the Circle, every window is packed with the most prestigious citizens of the Capitol. Our horses pull our chariot right up to President Snows mansion, and we come to a halt. The music ends with a flourish. The president, a small, thin man with paper-white hair, gives the official welcome from a balcony above us. It is traditional to cut away to the faces of the tributes during the speech. But I can see on the screen that we are getting way more than our share of airtime. The darker it becomes, the more difficult it is to take your eyes off our flickering. When the national anthem plays, they do make an effort to do a quick cut around to each pair of tributes, but the camera holds on the District 12 chariot as it parades around the circle one final time and disappears into the Training Center. The doors have only just shut behind us when were engulfed by the prep teams, who are nearly unintelligible as they babble out praise. As I glance around, I notice a lot of the other tributes are shooting us dirty looks, which confirms what Ive suspected, weve literally outshone them all. Then Cinna and Portia are there, helping us down from the chariot, carefully removing our flaming capes and headdresses. Portia extinguishes them with some kind of spray from a canister. I realize Im still glued to Peeta and force my stiff fingers to open. We both massage our hands. Thanks

for keeping hold of me. I was getting a little shaky there, says Peeta. It didnt show, I tell him. Im sure no one noticed. Im sure they didnt notice anything but you. You should wear flames more often, he says. They suit you. And then he gives me a smile that seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me. A warning bell goes off in my head. Dont be so stupid. Peeta is planning how to kill you, I remind myself. He is luring you in to make you easy prey. The more likable he is, the more deadly he is. But because two can play at this game, I stand on tiptoe and kiss his cheek. Right on his bruise.

6.

The Training Center has a tower designed exclusively for the tributes and their teams. This will be our home until the actual Games begin. Each district has an entire floor. You simply step onto an elevator and press the number of your district. Easy enough to remember. Ive ridden the elevator a couple of times in the Justice Building back in District 12. Once to receive the medal for my fathers death and then yesterday to say my final goodbyes to my friends and

family. But thats a dark and creaky thing that moves like a snail and smells of sour milk. The walls of this elevator are made of crystal so that you can watch the people on the ground floor shrink to ants as you shoot up into the air. Its exhilarating and Im tempted to ask Effie Trinket if we can ride it again, but somehow that seems childish. Apparently, Effie Trinkets duties did not conclude at the station. She and Haymitch will be overseeing us right into the arena. In a way, thats a plus because at least she can be counted on to corral us around to places on time whereas we havent seen Haymitch since he agreed to help us on the train. Probably passed out somewhere. Effie Trinket, on the other hand, seems to be flying high. Were the first team shes ever chaperoned that made a splash at the opening ceremonies. Shes complimentary about not just our costumes but how we conducted ourselves. And, to hear her tell it, Effie knows everyone whos anyone in the Capitol and has been talking us up all day, trying to win us sponsors. Ive been very mysterious, though, she says, her eyes squint half shut. Because, of course, Haymitch hasnt bothered to

tell me your strategies. But Ive done my best with what I had to work with. How Katniss sacrificed herself for her sister. How youve both successfully struggled to overcome the barbarism of your district. Barbarism? Thats ironic coming from a woman helping to prepare us for slaughter. And whats she basing our success on? Our table manners? Everyone has their reservations, naturally. You being from the coal district. But I said, and this was very clever of me, I said, Well, if you put enough pressure on coal it turns to pearls! Effie beams at us so brilliantly that we have no choice but to respond enthusiastically to her cleverness even though its wrong. Coal doesnt turn to pearls. They grow in shellfish. Possibly she meant coal turns to diamonds, but thats untrue, too. Ive heard they have some sort of machine in District 1 that can turn graphite into diamonds. But we dont mine graphite in District 12. That was part of District 13s job until they were destroyed. I wonder if the people shes been plugging us to all day either know or care. Unfortunately, I cant seal the sponsor deals for you. Only Haymitch can do that, says Effie grimly. But dont worry, Ill get him to the table at gunpoint if necessary. Although lacking in many departments, Effie Trinket has a certain determination I have to admire. My quarters are larger than our entire house back home. They are plush, like the train car, but also have so many automatic gadgets that Im sure I wont have time to press all the buttons. The shower alone has a panel with more than a hundred options you can choose regulating water temperature, pressure, soaps, shampoos, scents, oils, and massaging sponges. When you step out on a mat, heaters come on that blow-dry your body. Instead of struggling with the knots in my wet hair, I merely place my hand on a box that sends

a current through my scalp, untangling, parting, and drying my hair almost instantly. It floats down around my shoulders in a glossy curtain. I program the closet for an outfit to my taste. The windows zoom in and out on parts of the city at my command. You need only whisper a type of food from a gigantic menu into a mouthpiece and it appears, hot and steamy, before you in less than a minute. I walk around the room eating goose liver and puffy bread until theres a knock on the door. Effies calling me to dinner. Good. Im starving. Peeta, Cinna, and Portia are standing out on a balcony that overlooks the Capitol when we enter the dining room. Im glad

to see the stylists, particularly after I hear that Haymitch will be joining us. A meal presided over by just Effie and Haymitch is bound to be a disaster. Besides, dinner isnt really about food, its about planning out our strategies, and Cinna and Portia have already proven how valuable they are. A silent young man dressed in a white tunic offers us all stemmed glasses of wine. I think about turning it down, but Ive never had wine, except the homemade stuff my mother uses for coughs, and when will I get a chance to try it again? I take a sip of the tart, dry liquid and secretly think it could be improved by a few spoonfuls of honey. Haymitch shows up just as dinner is being served. It looks as if hes had his own stylist because hes clean and groomed and about as sober as Ive ever seen him. He doesnt refuse the offer of wine, but when he starts in on his soup, I realize its the first time Ive ever seen him eat. Maybe he really will pull himself together long enough to help us. Cinna and Portia seem to have a civilizing effect on Haymitch and Effie. At least theyre addressing each other decently. And they both have nothing but praise for our stylists opening act. While they make small talk, I concentrate on the meal. Mushroom soup, bitter greens with tomatoes the size of peas, rare roast beef sliced as thin as paper, noodles in a green sauce, cheese that melts on your tongue served with sweet blue grapes. The servers, all young people dressed in white tunics like the one who gave us wine, move wordlessly to and from the table, keeping the platters and glasses full. About halfway through my glass of wine, my head starts feeling foggy, so I change to water instead. I dont like the feeling and hope it wears off soon. How Haymitch can stand walking around like this full-time is a mystery. I try to focus on the talk, which has turned to our interview costumes, when a girl sets a gorgeous-looking cake on the table and deftly lights it. It blazes up and then the flames flicker around the edges awhile until it finally goes out. I have a moment of doubt. What makes it burn? Is it alcohol? I say, looking up at the girl. Thats the last thing I wa oh! I know you! I cant place a name or time to the girls face. But Im certain of it. The dark red hair, the striking features, the porcelain white skin. But even as I utter the words, I feel my insides contracting with anxiety and guilt at the sight of her, and while I cant pull it up, I know some bad memory is associated with her. The expression of terror that crosses her face only adds to my confusion and unease. She shakes her head in denial quickly and hurries away from the table. When I look back, the four adults are watching me like hawks. Dont be ridiculous, Katniss. How could you possibly know an Avox? snaps Effie. The very thought. Whats an Avox? I ask stupidly. Someone who committed a crime. They cut her tongue so she cant speak, says Haymitch. Shes probably a traitor of some sort. Not likely youd know her. And even if you did, youre not to speak to one of them unless its to give an order, says Effie. Of course, you dont really know her. But I do know her. And now that Haymitch has mentioned the word traitor I remember from where. The

disapproval is so high I could never admit it. No, I guess not, I just I stammer, and the wine is not helping. Peeta snaps his fingers. Delly Cartwright. Thats who it is. I kept thinking she looked familiar as well. Then I realized shes a dead ringer for Delly. Delly Cartwright is a pasty-faced, lumpy girl with yellowish hair who looks about as much like our server as a beetle does a butterfly. She may also be the friendliest person on the planet she smiles constantly at everybody in school, even me. I have never seen the girl with the red hair smile. But I jump on Peetas suggestion gratefully. Of course, thats who I was thinking of. It must be the hair, I say. Something about the eyes, too, says Peeta. The energy at the table relaxes. Oh, well. If thats all it is, says Cinna. And yes, the cake has spirits, but all the alcohol has burned off. I ordered it specially in honor of your fiery debut. We eat the cake and move into a sitting room to watch the replay of the opening ceremonies thats being broadcast. A few of the other couples make a nice impression, but none of them can hold a candle to us. Even our own party lets out an Ahh! as they show us coming out of the Remake Center. Whose idea was the hand holding? asks Haymitch. Cinnas, says Portia. Just the perfect touch of rebellion, says Haymitch. Very nice. Rebellion? I have to think about that one a moment. But when I remember the other couples, standing stiffly apart, never touching or acknowledging each other, as if their fellow tribute did not exist, as if the Games had already begun, I know what Haymitch means. Presenting ourselves not as adversaries but as friends has distinguished us as much as the fiery costumes. Tomorrow morning is the first training session. Meet me for breakfast and Ill tell you exactly how I want you to play it, says Haymitch to Peeta and I. Now go get some sleep while the grown-ups talk. Peeta and I walk together down the corridor to our rooms. When we get to my door, he leans against the frame, not blocking my entrance exactly but insisting I pay attention to him. So, Delly Cartwright.

Imagine finding her lookalike here. Hes asking for an explanation, and Im tempted to give him one. We both know he covered for me. So here I am in his debt again. If I tell him the truth about the girl, somehow that might even things up. How can it hurt really? Even if he repeated the story, it couldnt do me much harm. It was just something I witnessed. And he lied as much as I did about Delly Cartwright. I realize I do want to talk to someone about the girl. Someone who might be able to

help me figure out her story. Gale would be my first choice, but its unlikely Ill ever see Gale again. I try to think if telling Peeta could give him any possible advantage over me, but I dont see how. Maybe sharing a confidence will actually make him believe I see him as a friend. Besides, the idea of the girl with her maimed tongue frightens me. She has reminded me why Im here. Not to model flashy costumes and eat delicacies. But to die a bloody death while the crowds urge on my killer. To tell or not to tell? My brain still feels slow from the wine. I stare down the empty corridor as if the decision lies there. Peeta picks up on my hesitation. Have you been on the roof yet? I shake my head. Cinna showed me. You can practically see the whole city. The winds a bit loud, though. I translate this into No one will overhear us talking in my head. You do have the sense that we might be under surveillance here. Can we just go up? Sure, come on, says Peeta. I follow him to a flight of stairs that lead to the roof. Theres a small dome-shaped room with a door to the outside. As we step into the cool, windy evening air, I catch my breath at the view. The Capitol twinkles like a vast field of fireflies. Electricity in District 12 comes and goes, usually we only have it a few hours a day. Often the evenings are spent in candlelight. The only time you can count on it is when theyre airing the Games or some important government message on television that its mandatory to watch. But here there would be no shortage. Ever. Peeta and I walk to a railing at the edge of the roof. I look straight down the side of the building to the street, which is buzzing with people. You can hear their cars, an occasional shout, and a strange metallic tinkling. In District 12, wed all be thinking about bed right now. I asked Cinna why they let us up here. Werent they worried that some of the tributes might decide to jump right over the side? says Peeta. Whatd he say? I ask. You cant, says Peeta. He holds out his hand into seemingly empty space. Theres a sharp zap and he jerks it back. Some kind of electric field throws you back on the roof. Always worried about our safety, I say. Even though Cinna has shown Peeta the roof, I wonder if were supposed to be up here now, so late and alone. Ive never seen tributes on the Training Center roof before. But that doesnt mean were not being taped. Do you think theyre watching us now? Maybe, he admits. Come see the garden. On the other side of the dome,

theyve built a garden with flower beds and potted trees. From the branches

hang hundreds of wind chimes, which account for the tinkling I heard. Here in the garden, on this windy night, its enough to drown out two people who are trying not to be heard. Peeta looks at me expectantly. I pretend to examine a blossom. We were hunting in the woods one day. Hidden, waiting for game, I whisper. You and your father? he whispers back. No, my friend Gale. Suddenly all the birds stopped singing at once. Except one. As if it were giving a warning call. And then we saw her. Im sure it was the same girl. A boy was with her. Their clothes were tattered. They had dark circles under their eyes from no sleep. They were running as if their lives depended on it, I say. For a moment Im silent, as I remember how the sight of this strange pair, clearly not from District 12, fleeing through the woods immobilized us. Later, we wondered if we could have helped them escape. Perhaps we might have. Concealed them. If wed moved quickly. Gale and I were taken by surprise, yes, but were both hunters. We know how animals look at bay. We knew the pair was in trouble as soon as we saw them. But we only watched. The hovercraft appeared out of nowhere, I continue to Peeta. I mean, one moment the sky was empty and the next it was there. It didnt make a sound, but they saw it. A net dropped down on the girl and carried her up, fast, so fast like the elevator. They shot some sort of spear through the boy. It was attached to a cable and they hauled him up as well. But Im certain he was dead. We heard the girl scream once. The boys name, I think. Then it was gone, the hovercraft. Vanished into thin air. And the birds began to sing again, as if nothing had happened. Did they see you? Peeta asked. I dont know. We were under a shelf of rock, I reply. But I do know. There was a moment, after the birdcall, but before the hovercraft, where the girl had seen us. Shed locked eyes with me and called out for help. But neither Gale or I had responded. Youre shivering, says Peeta. The wind and the story have blown all the warmth from my body. The girls scream. Had it been her last? Peeta takes off his jacket and wraps it around my shoulders. I start to take a step back, but then I let him, deciding for a moment to accept both his jacket and his kindness. A friend would do that, right? They were from here? he asks, and he secures a button at my neck. I nod. Theyd had that Capitol look about them. The boy and the girl. Where do you suppose they were going? he asks. I dont know that, I say. District 12 is pretty much the end of the line. Beyond us, theres only wilderness. If you dont count the ruins of District 13 that still smolder from the toxic

bombs. They show it on television occasionally, just to remind us. Or why they would leave here. Haymitch had called the Avoxes traitors. Against what? It could only be the Capitol. But they had everything here. No cause to rebel. Id leave here, Peeta blurts

out. Then he looks around nervously. It was loud enough to hear above the chimes. He laughs. Id go home now if they let me. But you have to admit, the foods prime. Hes covered again. If thats all youd heard it would just sound like the words of a scared tribute, not someone contemplating the unquestionable goodness of the Capitol. Its getting chilly. We better go in, he says. Inside the dome, its warm and bright. His tone is conversational. Your friend Gale. Hes the one who took your sister away at the reaping? Yes. Do you know him? I ask. Not really. I hear the girls talk about him a lot. I thought he was your cousin or something. You favor each other, he says. No, were not related, I say. Peeta nods, unreadable. Did he come to say good-bye to you? Yes, I say, observing him carefully. So did your father. He brought me cookies. Peeta raises his eyebrows as if this is news. But after watching him lie so smoothly, I dont give this much weight. Really? Well, he likes you and your sister. I think he wishes he had a daughter instead of a houseful of boys. The idea that I might ever have been discussed, around the dinner table, at the bakery fire, just in passing in Peetas house gives me a start. It must have been when the mother was out of the room. He knew your mother when they were kids, says Peeta. Another surprise. But probably true. Oh, yes. She grew up in town, I say. It seems impolite to say she never mentioned the baker except to compliment his bread. Were at my door. I give back his jacket. See you in the morning then. See you, he says, and walks off down the hall. When I open my door, the redheaded girl is collecting my unitard and boots from where I left them on the floor before my shower. I want to apologize for possibly getting her in trouble earlier. But I remember Im not supposed to speak to her unless Im giving her an order. Oh, sorry, I say. I was supposed to get those back to Cinna. Im sorry. Can you take them to him? She avoids my eyes, gives a small nod, and heads out the door. Id set out to tell her I was sorry about dinner. But I know that my apology runs much deeper. That Im ashamed I never tried to help her in the woods. That I let the Capitol kill the boy and mutilate her without lifting a

finger. Just like I was watching the Games. I kick off my shoes and climb under the covers in my clothes. The shivering hasnt stopped. Perhaps the girl doesnt even remember me. But I know she does. You dont forget the face of the person who was your last hope. I pull the covers up over my head as if this will protect me from the redheaded girl who cant speak. But I can feel her eyes staring at me, piercing through walls and doors and bedding. I wonder if shell enjoy watching me die.

7.

My slumbers are filled with disturbing dreams. The face of the redheaded girl intertwines with gory images from earlier Hunger Games, with my mother withdrawn and unreachable, with Prim emaciated and terrified. I bolt up screaming for my father to run as the mine

explodes into a million deadly bits of light. Dawn is breaking through the windows. The Capitol has a misty, haunted air. My head aches and I must have bitten into the side of my cheek in the night. My tongue probes the ragged flesh and I taste blood. Slowly, I drag myself out of bed and into the shower. I arbitrarily punch buttons on the control board and end up hopping from foot to foot as alternating jets of icy cold and steaming hot water assault me. Then Im deluged in lemony foam that I have to scrape off with a heavy bristled brush. Oh, well. At least my blood is flowing. When Im dried and moisturized with lotion, I find an outfit has been left for me at the front of the closet. Tight black pants, a long-sleeved burgundy tunic, and leather shoes. I put my hair in the single braid down my back. This is the first time since the morning of the reaping that I resemble myself. No fancy hair and clothes, no flaming capes. Just me. Looking like I could be headed for the woods. It calms me. Haymitch didnt give us an exact time to meet for break-last and no one has contacted me this morning, but Im hungry so I head down to the dining room, hoping there will be food. Im not disappointed. While the table is empty, a long board off to the side has been laid with at least twenty dishes. A young man, an Avox, stands at attention by the spread. When I ask if I can serve myself, he nods assent. I load a plate with eggs, sausages, batter cakes covered in thick orange preserves, slices of pale purple melon.

As I gorge myself, I watch the sun rise over the Capitol. I have a second plate of hot grain smothered in beef stew. Finally, I fill a plate with rolls and sit at the table, breaking oil bits and dipping them into hot chocolate, the way Peeta did on the train. My mind wanders to my mother and Prim. They must be up. My mother getting their breakfast of mush. Prim milking her goat before school. Just two mornings ago, I was home. Can that be right? Yes, just two. And now how empty the house feels, even from a distance. What did they say last night about my fiery debut at the Games? Did it give them hope, or simply add to their terror when they saw the reality of twenty-four tributes circled together, knowing only one could live? Haymitch and Peeta come in, bid me good morning, fill their plates. It makes me irritated that Peeta is wearing exactly the same outfit I am. I need to say something to Cinna. This twins act is going to blow up in out faces once the Games begin. Surely, they must know this. Then I remember Haymitch telling me to do exactly what the stylists tell me to do. If it was anyone but Cinna, I might be tempted to ignore him. But after last nights triumph, I dont have a lot of room to criticize his choices. Im nervous about the training. There will be three days in which all the tributes practice together. On the last afternoon, well each get a chance to perform in private before the Gamemakers. The thought of meeting the other tributes

face-to-face makes me queasy. I turn the roll I have just taken from the basket over and over in my hands, but my appetite is gone. When Haymitch has finished several platters of stew, he pushes back his plate with a sigh. He takes a flask from his pocket and takes a long pull on it and leans his elbows on the table. So, lets get down to business. Training. First off, if you like, Ill coach you separately. Decide now. Why would you coach us separately? I ask. Say if you had a secret skill you might not want the other to know about, says Haymitch. I exchange a look with Peeta. I dont have any secret skills, he says. And I already know what yours is, right? I mean, Ive eaten enough of your squirrels. I never thought about Peeta eating the squirrels I shot. Somehow I always pictured the baker quietly going off and frying them up for himself. Not out of greed. But because town families usually eat expensive butcher meat. Beef and chicken and horse. You can coach us together, I tell Haymitch. Peeta nods. All right, so give me some idea of what you can do, says Haymitch. I cant do

anything, says Peeta. Unless you count baking bread. Sorry, I dont. Katniss. I already know youre handy with a knife, says Haymitch. Not really. But I can hunt, I say. With a bow and arrow. And youre good? asks Haymitch. I have to think about it. Ive been putting food on the table for four years. Thats no small task. Im not as good as my father was, but hed had more practice. Ive better aim than Gale, but Ive had more practice. Hes a genius with traps and snares. Im all right, I say. Shes excellent, says Peeta. My father buys her squirrels. He always comments on how the arrows never pierce the body. She hits every one in the eye. Its the same with the rabbits she sells the butcher. She can even bring down deer. This assessment of my skills from Peeta takes me totally by surprise. First, that he ever noticed. Second, that hes talking me up. What are you doing? I ask him suspiciously. What are you doing? If hes going to help you, he has to know what youre capable of. Dont underrate yourself, says Peeta. I dont know why, but this rubs me the wrong way. What about you? Ive seen you in the market. You can lift hundred-pound bags of flour, I snap at him. Tell him that. Thats not nothing. Yes, and Im sure the arena will be full of bags of flour for me to chuck at people. Its not like being able to use a weapon. You know it isnt, he shoots back. He can wrestle, I tell Haymitch. He came in second in our school competition last year, only after his brother. What use is that? How many times have you seen someone wrestle someone to death? says Peeta in disgust. Theres always hand-to-hand combat. All you need is to come up with a knife, and youll at least stand a chance. If I get jumped, Im dead! I can hear my voice rising in anger. But you wont! Youll be living up in some tree eating raw squirrels and picking off people with arrows. You know what my mother said to me when she came to say

good-bye, as if to cheer me up, she says maybe District Twelve will finally have a winner. Then I realized, she didnt mean me, she meant you! bursts out Peeta. Oh, she meant you, I say with a wave of dismissal. She said, Shes a survivor, that one. She is, says Peeta. That pulls me up short. Did his mother really say that about me? Did she rate me over her son? I see the pain in Peetas eyes and know he isnt lying. Suddenly Im behind the bakery and I can feel the chill of the rain running down my back, the hollowness in my belly. I sound eleven years old when I speak. But only because someone helped me. Peetas eyes flicker down to the roll in my hands, and I

know he remembers that day, too. But he just shrugs. People will help you in the arena. Theyll be tripping over each other to sponsor you. No more than you, I say. Peeta rolls his eyes at Haymitch. She has no idea. The effect she can have. He runs his fingernail along the wood grain in the table, refusing to look at me. What on earth does he mean? People help me? When we were dying of starvation, no one helped me! No one except Peeta. Once I had something to barter with, things changed. Im a tough trader. Or am I? What effect do I have? That Im weak and needy? Is he suggesting that I got good deals because people pitied me? I try to think if this is true. Perhaps some of the merchants were a little generous in their trades, but I always attributed that to their long-standing relationship with my father. Besides, my game is first-class. No one pitied me! I glower at the roll sure he meant to insult me. After about a minute of this, Haymitch says, Well, then. Well, well, well. Katniss, theres no guarantee theyll be bows and arrows in the arena, but during your private session with the Gamemakers, show them what you can do. Until then, stay clear of archery. Are you any good at trapping? I know a few basic snares, I mutter. That may be significant in terms of food, says Haymitch. And Peeta, shes right, never  underestimate strength in the arena. Very often, physical power tilts the advantage to a player. In the Training Center, they will have weights, but dont reveal how much you can lift in front of the other tributes. The plans the same for both of you. You go to group training. Spend the time trying to learn something you dont know. Throw a spear. Swing a mace. Learn to tie a decent knot. Save showing what youre best at until your private sessions. Are we clear? says Haymitch. Peeta and I nod. One last thing. In public, I want you by each others side every minute, says Haymitch. We both start to object, but Haymitch slams his hand on the table. Every minute! Its not open for discussion! You agreed to do as I said! You will be together, you will appear amiable to each other. Now get out. Meet Effie at the elevator at ten for training. I bite my lip and stalk back to my room, making sure Peeta can hear the door slam. I sit on the bed, hating Haymitch, hating Peeta, hating myself for mentioning

that day long ago in the rain. Its such a joke! Peeta and I going along pretending to be friends! Talking up each others strengths, insisting the other take credit for their abilities. Because, in fact, at some point, were going to have to knock it off and accept

were bitter adversaries. Which Id be prepared to do right now if it wasnt for Haymitchs stupid instruction that we stick together in training. Its my own fault, I guess, for telling him he didnt have to coach us separately. But that didnt mean I wanted to do everything with Peeta. Who, by the way, clearly doesnt want to be partnering up with me, either. I hear Peetas voice in my head. She has no idea. The effect she can have. Obviously meant to demean me. Right? but a tiny part of me wonders if this was a compliment. That he meant I was appealing in some way. Its weird, how much hes noticed me. Like the attention hes paid to my hunting. And apparently, I have not been as oblivious to him as I imagined, either. The flour. The wrestling. I have kept track of the boy with the bread. Its almost ten. I clean my teeth and smooth back my hair again. Anger temporarily blocked out my nervousness about meeting the other tributes, but now I can feel my anxiety rising again. By the time I meet Effie and Peeta at the elevator, I catch myself biting my nails. I stop at once. The actual training rooms are below ground level of our building. With these elevators, the ride is less than a minute. The doors open into an enormous gymnasium filled with various weapons and obstacle courses. Although its not yet ten, were the last ones to arrive. The other tributes are gathered in a tense circle. They each have a cloth square with their district number on it pinned to their shirts. While someone pins the number 12 on my back, I do a quick assessment. Peeta and I are the only two dressed alike. As soon as we join the circle, the head trainer, a tall, athletic woman named Atala steps up and begins to explain the training schedule. Experts in each skill will remain at their stations. We will be free to travel from area to area as we choose, per our mentors instructions. Some of the stations teach survival skills, others fighting techniques. We are forbidden to engage in any combative exercise with another tribute. There are assistants on hand if we want to practice with a partner. When Atala begins to read down the list of the skill stations, my eyes cant help flitting around to the other tributes. Its the first time weve been assembled, on level ground, in simple clothes. My heart sinks. Almost all of the boys and at least half of the girls are bigger than I am, even though many of the tributes have never been fed properly. You can see it in their bones, their skin, the hollow look in their eyes. I may be smaller naturally, but overall my familys resourcefulness has given me an edge in that area. I stand straight, and while Im thin, Im strong. The

meat and plants from the woods combined with the exertion it took

to get them have given me a healthier body than most of those I see around me. The exceptions are the kids from the wealthier districts, the volunteers, the ones who have been fed and trained throughout their lives for this moment. The tributes from 1, 2, and 4 traditionally have this look about them. Its technically against the rules to train tributes before they reach the Capitol but it happens every year. In District 12, we call them the Career Tributes, or just the Careers. And like as not, the winner will be one of them. The slight advantage I held coming into the Training Center, my fiery entrance last night, seems to vanish in the presence of my competition. The other tributes were jealous of us, but not because we were amazing, because our stylists were. Now I see nothing but contempt in the glances of the Career Tributes. Each must have fifty to a hundred pounds on me. They project arrogance and brutality. When Atala releases us, they head straight for the deadliest-looking weapons in the gym and handle them with ease. Im thinking that its lucky Im a fast runner when Peeta nudges my arm and I jump. He is still beside me, per Haymitchs instructions.His expression is sober. Where would you like to start? I look around at the Career Tributes who are showing off, clearly trying to intimidate the field. Then at the others, the underfed, the incompetent, shakily having their first lessons with a knife or an ax. Suppose we tie some knots, I say. Right you are, says Peeta. We cross to an empty station where the trainer seems pleased to have students. You get the feeling that the knot-tying class is not the Hunger games hot spot. When he realizes I know something about snares, he shows us a simple, excellent trap that will leave a human competitor dangling by a leg from a tree. We concentrate on this one skill for an hour until both of us have mastered it. Then we move on to camouflage. Peeta genuinely seems to enjoy this station, swirling a combination of mud and clay and berry juices around on his pale skin, weaving disguises from vines and leaves. The trainer who runs the camouflage station is full of enthusiasm at his work. I do the cakes, he admits to me. The cakes? I ask. Ive been preoccupied with watching the boy from District 2 send a spear through a dummys heart from fifteen yards. What cakes? At home. The iced ones, for the bakery, he says. He means the ones they display in the windows. Fancy cakes with flowers and pretty things painted in frosting. Theyre for birthdays

and New Years Day. When were in the square, Prim always drags me over to admire them, although wed never be able to afford one. Theres little enough beauty in District 12, though, so I can hardly deny her this. I look more critically at the design on Peetas arm. The alternating pattern of light and dark suggests sunlight falling through the leaves in the woods. I wonder how he knows this, since I doubt hes ever been beyond the fence. Has he been able to pick this up from just that scraggly old apple tree in his backyard? Somehow the whole thing his skill, those inaccessible cakes, the praise of the camouflage expert annoys me. Its lovely. If only you could frost someone to death, I say. Dont be so superior. You can never tell what youll find in the arena. Say its actually a gigantic cake begins Peeta. Say we move on, I break in. So the next three days pass with Peeta and I going quietly from station to station. We do pick up some valuable skills, from starting fires, to knife throwing, to making shelter. Despite Haymitchs order to appear mediocre, Peeta excels in hand-to-hand combat, and I sweep the edible plants test without blinking an eye. We steer clear of archery and weightlifting though, wanting to save those for our private sessions. The Gamemakers appeared early on the first day. Twenty or so men and women dressed in deep purple robes. They sit in the elevated stands that surround the gymnasium, sometimes wandering about to watch us, jotting down notes, other times eating at the endless banquet that has been set for them, ignoring the lot of us. But they do seem to be keeping their eye on the District 12 tributes. Several times Ive looked up to find one fixated on me. They consult with the trainers during our meals as well. We see them all gathered together when we come back. Breakfast and dinner are served on our floor, but at lunch the twenty-four of us eat in a dining room off the gymnasium. Food is arranged on carts around the room and you serve yourself. The Career Tributes tend to gather rowdily around one table, as if to prove their superiority, that they have no fear of one another and consider the rest of us beneath notice. Most of the other tributes sit alone, like lost sheep. No one says a word to us. Peeta and I eat together, and since Haymitch keeps dogging us about it, try to keep up a friendly conversation during the meals. Its not easy to find a topic. Talking of home is painful. Talking of the present unbearable. One day, Peeta empties our breadbasket and points out how they have been careful to

include types from the districts along with the refined bread of the Capitol. The fish-shaped loaf tinted green with seaweed from District 4. The crescent moon roll dotted with seeds from District 11. Somehow, although its made from the same stuff, it looks a lot more appetizing than the ugly drop biscuits that are the standard fare at home. And there you have it, says Peeta, scooping the breads back in the basket. You certainly know a lot, I say. Only about bread, he says. Okay, now laugh as if Ive said something funny. We both give a somewhat convincing laugh and ignore the stares from around the room. All right, Ill keep smiling pleasantly and you talk, says Peeta. Its wearing us both out, Haymitchs direction to be friendly. Because ever since I slammed my door, theres been a chill in the air between us. But we have our orders. Did I ever tell you about the time I was chased by a bear? I

ask. No, but it sounds fascinating, says Peeta. I try and animate my face as I recall the event, a true story, in which Id foolishly challenged a black bear over the rights to a beehive. Peeta laughs and asks questions right on cue. Hes much better at this than I am. On the second day, while were taking a shot at spear throwing, he whispers to me. I think we have a shadow. I throw my spear, which Im not too bad at actually, if I dont have to throw too far, and see the little girl from District 11 standing back a bit, watching us. Shes the twelve-year-old, the one who reminded me so of Prim in stature. Up close she looks about ten. She has bright, dark, eyes and satiny brown skin and stands tilted up on her toes with her arms slightly extended to her sides, as if ready to take wing at the slightest sound. Its impossible not to think of a bird. I pick up another spear while Peeta throws. I think her names Rue, he says softly. I bite my lip. Rue is a small yellow flower that grows in the Meadow. Rue. Primrose. Neither of them could tip the scale at seventy pounds soaking wet. What can we do about it? I ask him, more harshly than I intended. Nothing to do, he says back. Just making conversation. Now that I know shes there, its hard to ignore the child. She slips up and joins us at different stations. Like me, shes clever with plants, climbs swiftly, and has good aim. She can hit the target every time with a slingshot. But what is a slingshot against a 220-pound male with a sword? Back on the District 12 floor, Haymitch and Effie grill us throughout breakfast and dinner about every moment of the day. What we did, who watched us, how the other tributes size up.

Cinna and Portia arent around, so theres no one to add any sanity to the meals. Not that Haymitch and Effie are fighting anymore. Instead they seem to be of one mind, determined to whip us into shape. Full of endless directions about what we should do and not do in training. Peeta is more patient, but I become fed up and surly. When we finally escape to bed on the second night, Peeta mumbles, Someone ought to get Haymitch a drink. I make a sound that is somewhere between a snort and a laugh. Then catch myself. Its messing with my mind too much, trying to keep straight when were supposedly friends and when were not. At least when we get into the arena, Ill know where we stand. Dont. Dont lets pretend when theres no one around. All right, Katniss, he says tiredly. After that, we only talk in front of people. On the third day of training, they start to call us out of lunch for our private sessions with the Gamemakers. District by district, first the boy, then the girl tribute. As usual, District 12 is slated to go last. We linger in the dining room, unsure where else to go. No one comes back once they have left. As the room empties, the pressure to appear friendly lightens. By the time they call Rue, we are left alone. We sit in silence until they summon Peeta. He rises. Remember what Haymitch said

about being sure to throw the weights. The words come out of my mouth without permission. Thanks. I will, he says. You . . . Shoot straight. I nod. I dont know why I said anything at all. Although if Im going to lose, Id rather Peeta win than the others. Better for our district, for my mother and Prim. After about fifteen minutes, they call my name. I smooth my hair, set my shoulders back, and walk into the gymnasium. Instantly, I know Im in trouble. Theyve been here too long, the Gamemakers. Sat through twenty-three other demonstrations. Had too much to wine, most of them. Want more than anything to go home. Theres nothing I can do but continue with the plan. I walk to the archery station. Oh, the weapons! Ive been itching to get my hands on them for days! Bows made of wood and plastic and metal and materials I cant even name. Arrows with feathers cut in flawless uniform lines. I choose a bow, string it, and sling the matching quiver of arrows over my shoulder. Theres a shooting range, but its much too limited. Standard bulls-eyes and human silhouettes. I walk to the center of the gymnasium and pick my first target. The dummy used for knife practice. Even as I pull back on the bow I know something is wrong. The strings tighter than the one I use at home. The arrows more rigid. I miss

the dummy by a couple of inches and lose what little attention I had been commanding. For a moment, Im humiliated, then I head back to the bulls-eye. I shoot again and again until I get the feel of these new weapons. Back in the center of the gymnasium, I take my initial position and skewer the dummy right through the heart. Then I sever the rope that holds the sandbag for boxing, and the bag splits open as it slams to the ground. Without pausing, I shoulder-roll forward, come up on one knee, and send an arrow into one of the hanging lights high above the gymnasium floor. A shower of sparks bursts from the fixture. Its excellent shooting. I turn to the Gamemakers. A few are nodding approval, but the majority of them are fixated on a roast pig that has just arrived at their banquet table. Suddenly I am furious, that with my life on the line, they dont even have the decency to pay attention to me. That Im being upstaged by a dead pig. My heart starts to pound, I can feel my face burning. Without thinking, I pull an arrow from my quiver and send it straight at the Gamemakers table. I hear shouts of alarm as people stumble back. The arrow skewers the apple in the pigs mouth and pins it to the wall behind it. Everyone stares at me in disbelief. Thank you for your consideration, I say. Then I give a slight bow and walk

straight toward the exit without being dismissed.

8.

As I stride toward the elevator, I fling my bow to one side and my quiver to the other. I brush past the gaping Avoxes who guard the elevators and hit the number twelve button with my fist. The doors slide together and I zip upward. I actually make it back to my floor before the tears start running down my

cheeks. I can hear the others calling me from the sitting room, but I fly down the hall into my room, bolt the door, and fling myself onto my bed. Then I really begin to sob. Now Ive done it! Now Ive ruined everything! If Id stood even a ghost of chance, it vanished when I sent that arrow flying at the Gamemakers. What will they do to me now? Arrest me? Execute me? Cut my tongue and turn me into an Avox so I can wait on the future tributes of Panem? What was I thinking, shooting at the Gamemakers? Of course, I wasnt, I was shooting at that apple because I was so angry

at being ignored. I wasnt trying to kill one of them. If I were, theyd be dead! Oh, what does it matter? Its not like I was going to win the Games anyway. Who cares what they do to me? What really scares me is what they might do to my mother and Prim, how my family might suffer now because of my impulsiveness. Will they take their few belongings, or send my mother to prison and Prim to the community home, or kill them? They wouldnt kill them, would they? Why not? What do they care? I should have stayed and apologized. Or laughed, like it was a big joke. Then maybe I would have found some leniency. But instead I stalked out of the place in the most disrespectful manner possible. Haymitch and Effie are knocking on my door. I shout for them to go away and eventually they do. It takes at least an hour for me to cry myself out. Then I just lay curled up on the bed, stroking the silken sheets, watching the sun set over the artificial candy Capitol. At first, I expect guards to come for me. But as time passes, it seems less likely. I calm down. They still need a girl tribute from District 12, dont they? If the Gamemakers want to punish me, they can do it publicly. Wait until Im in the arena and sic starving wild animals on me. You can bet theyll make sure I dont have a bow and arrow to defend myself. Before that though, theyll give me a score so low, no one in their right mind would sponsor me. Thats what will happen tonight. Since the training isnt open to viewers, the Gamemakers announce a score for each player. It gives the audience a starting place for the betting that will continue throughout the Games. The number, which is between one and twelve, one being irredeemably bad and twelve being unattainably high, signifies the promise of the tribute. The mark is not a guarantee of which person will win. Its only an indication of the potential a tribute showed in training. Often, because of the variables in the actual arena, high-scoring tributes go down almost immediately. And a few years ago, the boy who won the Games only received a three. Still, the scores can help or hurt an individual tribute in terms of sponsorship. I had been hoping my shooting skills might get me a six or a seven, even if Im not particularly powerful. Now Im sure Ill have the lowest score of the twenty-four. If no one sponsors me, my odds of staying alive decrease to almost zero. When Effie taps on the door to

call me to dinner, I decide I may as well go. The scores will be televised tonight. Its not like I can hide what happened forever. I go to the bathroom and wash my face,

but its still red and splotchy. Everyones waiting at the table, even Cinna and Portia. I wish the stylists hadnt shown up because for some reason, I dont like the idea of disappointing them. Its as if Ive thrown away all the good work they did on the opening ceremonies without a thought. I avoid looking at anyone as I take tiny spoonfuls of fish soup. The saltiness reminds me of my tears. The adults begin some chitchat about the weather forecast, and I let my eyes meet Peetas. He raises his eyebrows. A question. What happened? I just give my head a small shake. Then, as theyre serving the main course, I hear Haymitch say, Okay, enough small talk, just how bad were you today? Peeta jumps in. I dont know that it mattered. By the time I showed up, no one even bothered to look at me. They were singing some kind of drinking song, I think. So, I threw around some heavy objects until they told me I could go. That makes me feel a bit better. Its not like Peeta attacked the Gamemakers, but at least he was provoked, too. And you, sweetheart? says Haymitch. Somehow Haymitch calling me sweetheart ticks me off enough that Im at least able to speak. I shot an arrow at the Gamemakers. Everyone stops eating. You what? The horror in Effies voice confirms my worse suspicions. I shot an arrow at them. Not exactly at them. In their direction. Its like Peeta said, I was shooting and they were ignoring me and I just . . . I just lost my head, so I shot an apple out of their stupid roast pigs mouth! I say defiantly. And what did they say? says Cinna carefully. Nothing. Or I dont know. I walked out after that, I say. Without being dismissed? gasps Effie. I dismissed myself, I said. I remember how I promised Prim that I really would try to win and I feel like a ton of coal has dropped on me. Well, thats that, says Haymitch. Then he butters a roll. Do you think theyll arrest me? I ask. Doubt it. Be a pain to replace you at this stage, says Haymitch. What about my family? I say. Will they punish them? Dont think so. Wouldnt make much sense. See theyd have to reveal what happened in the Training Center for it to have any worthwhile effect on the population. People would need to know what you did. But they cant since its secret, so itd be a waste of effort, says Haymitch. More likely theyll make your life hell in the arena. Well, theyve already promised to do that to us any way, says Peeta. Very true, says Haymitch. And I realize the impossible has happened. They have actually cheered me up. Haymitch picks up a pork chop with his fingers, which makes Effie frown, and dunks it in his wine. He rips off a hunk of meat and starts to chuckle.

What were their faces like? I can feel the edges of my mouth tilting up. Shocked. Terrified. Uh, ridiculous, some of them. An image pops into my mind. One man tripped

backward into a bowl of punch. Haymitch guffaws and we all start laughing except Effie, although even she is suppressing a smile. Well, it serves them right. Its their job to pay attention to you. And just because you come from District Twelve is no excuse to ignore you. Then her eyes dart around as if shes said something totally outrageous. Im sorry, but thats what I think, she says to no one in particular. Ill get a very bad score, I say. Scores only matter if theyre very good, no one pays much attention to the bad or mediocre ones. For all they know, you could be hiding your talents to get a low score on purpose. People use that strategy, said Portia. I hope thats how people interpret the four Ill probably get, says Peeta. If that. Really, is anything less impressive than watching a person pick up a heavy ball and throw it a couple of yards. One almost landed on my foot. I grin at him and realize that Im starving. I cut off a piece of pork, dunk it in mashed potatoes, and start eating. Its okay. My family is safe. And if they are safe, no real harm has been done. After dinner, we go to sitting room to watch the scores announced on television. First they show a photo of the tribute, then flash their score below it. The Career Tributes naturally get in the eight-to-ten range. Most of the other players average a five. Surprisingly, little Rue comes up with a seven. I dont know what she showed the judges, but shes so tiny it must have been impressive. District 12 comes up last, as usual. Peeta pulls an eight so at least a couple of the Gamemakers must have been watching him. I dig my fingernails into my palms as my face comes up, expecting the worst. Then theyre flashing the number eleven on the screen. Eleven! Effie Trinket lets out a squeal, and everybody is slapping me on the back and cheering and congratulating me. But it doesnt seem real. There must be a mistake. How . . . How could that happen? I ask Haymitch. Guess they liked your temper, he says. Theyve got a show to put on. They need some players with some heat. Katniss, the girl who was on fire, says Cinna and gives me a hug. Oh, wait until you see your interview dress. More flames? I ask. Of a sort, he says mischievously. Peeta and I congratulate each other, another awkward moment. Weve both done well, but what does that

mean for the other? I escape to my room as quickly as possible and burrow down under the covers. The stress of the day, particularly the crying, has worn me out. I drift off, reprieved, relieved, and with the number eleven still flashing behind my eyelids. At dawn, I lie in bed for a while, watching the sun come up on a beautiful morning. Its Sunday. A day off at home. I wonder if Gale is in the woods yet. Usually we devote all of Sunday to stocking up for the week. Rising early, hunting and gathering, then trading at the Hob. I think of Gale without me. Both of us can hunt alone, but were better as a pair. Particularly if were trying for bigger game. But also in the

littler things, having a partner lightened the load, could even make the arduous task of filling my familys table enjoyable. I had been struggling along on my own for about six months when I first ran into Gale in the woods. It was a Sunday in October, the air cool and pungent with dying things. Id spent the morning competing with the squirrels for nuts and the slightly warmer afternoon wading in shallow ponds harvesting Katniss. The only meat Id shot was a squirrel that had practically run over my toes in its quest for acorns, but the animals would still be afoot when the snow buried my other food sources. Having strayed farther afield than usual, I was hurrying back home, lugging my burlap sacks when I came across a dead rabbit. It was hanging by its neck in a thin wire a foot above my head. About fifteen yards away was another. I recognized the twitch-up snares because my father had used them. When the prey is caught, its yanked into the air out of the reach of other hungry animals. Id been trying to use snares all summer with no success, so I couldnt help dropping my sacks to examine this one. My fingers were just on the wire above one of the rabbits when a voice rang out. Thats dangerous. I jumped back several feet as Gale materialized from behind a tree. He must have been watching me the whole time. He was only fourteen, but he cleared six feet and was as good as an adult to me. Id seen him around the Seam and at school. And one other time. Hed lost his father in the same blast that killed mine. In January, Id stood by while he received his medal of valor in the Justice Building, another oldest child with no father. I remembered his two little brothers clutching his mother, a woman whose swollen belly announced she was just days away from giving birth. Whats your name? he said, coming over and

disengaging the rabbit from the snare. He had another three hanging from his belt. Katniss, I said, barely audible. Well, Catnip, stealings punishable by death, or hadnt you heard? he said. Katniss, I said louder. And I wasnt stealing it. I just wanted to look at your snare. Mine never catch anything. He scowled at me, not convinced. So whered you get the squirrel? I shot it. I pulled my bow off my shoulder. I was still using the small version my father had made me, but Id been practicing with the full-size one when I could. I was hoping that by spring I might be able to bring down some bigger game. Gales eyes fastened on the bow. Can I see that? I handed it over. Just remember, stealings punishable by death. That was the first time I ever saw him smile. It transformed him from someone menacing to someone you wished you knew. But it took several months before I returned that smile. We talked hunting then. I told him I might be able to get him a bow if he had something to trade. Not food. I wanted knowledge. I wanted to set my own snares that caught a belt of fat rabbits in one day. He agreed something might be worked out. As the seasons went by, we grudgingly began to share our knowledge, our weapons, our secret places that were thick with wild plums or turkeys. He taught me snares and fishing. I showed him what plants to eat and eventually gave him one of our precious bows. And then one day, without either of us saying it, we became a team. Dividing the work and the spoils. Making sure that both our families had food. Gale gave me a sense of security Id lacked since my fathers death. His companionship replaced the long solitary hours in the woods. I became a much better hunter when I didnt have to look over my shoulder constantly, when someone was watching my back. But he turned into so much more than a hunting partner. He became my confidante, someone with whom I could share thoughts I could never voice inside the fence. In exchange, he trusted me with his. Being out in the woods with Gale . . . Sometimes I was actually happy. I call him my friend, but in the last year its seemed too casual a word for what Gale is to me. A pang of longing shoots through my chest. If only he was with me now! But, of course, I dont want that. I dont want him in the arena where hed be dead in a few days. I just . . . I just miss him. And I hate being so alone. Does he miss me? He must. I think of the eleven flashing under my name last night. I know exactly what hed say to

me. Well, theres some room for improvement there. And then hed give me a smile and Id return it without hesitating now. I cant help comparing what I have with Gale to what Im pretending to have with Peeta. How I never question Gales motives while I do nothing but doubt the latters. Its not a fair comparison really. Gale and I were thrown together by a mutual need to survive. Peeta and I know the others survival means our own death. How do you sidestep that? Effies knocking at the door, reminding me theres another big, big, big day! ahead. Tomorrow night will be our televised interviews. I guess the whole team will have their hands full readying us for that. I get up and take a quick shower, being a bit more careful about the buttons I hit, and head down to the dining room. Peeta, Effie, and Haymitch are huddled around the table talking in hushed voices. That seems odd, but hunger wins out over curiosity and I load up my plate with breakfast before I join them. The stews made with tender chunks of lamb and dried plums today. Perfect on the bed of wild rice. Ive shoveled about halfway through the mound when I realize no ones talking. I take a big gulp of orange juice and wipe my mouth. So, whats going on? Youre coaching us on interviews today, right? Thats right, says Haymitch. You dont have to wait until Im done. I can listen and cat at the same time, I say. Well, theres been a change of plans. About our current approach, says Haymitch. Whats that? I ask. Im not sure what our current approach is. Trying to appear mediocre in front of the other tributes is the last bit of strategy I remember. Haymitch shrugs. Peeta has asked to be coached

separately.

9.

Betrayal.

Thats the first thing I feel, which is ludicrous. For there to be betrayal, there would have had to been trust first. Between Peeta and me. And trust has not been part of the agreement. Were tributes. But the boy who risked a beating to give me bread, the one who steadied me in the chariot, who covered for me with the

redheaded Avox girl, who insisted Haymitch know my hunting skills . . . Was there some part of me that couldnt help trusting him? On the other hand, Im relieved that we can stop the pretense of being friends. Obviously, whatever thin connection wed foolishly formed has been severed. And high time, too. The Games begin in two days, and trust will only be a weakness. Whatever triggered Peetas decision and I suspect it had to do with my outperforming him in training I should be nothing but grateful for it. Maybe hes finally accepted the fact that the sooner we openly acknowledge that we are enemies, the better. Good, I say. So whats the schedule? Youll each have four hours with Effie for presentation and four with me for content, says Haymitch. You start with Effie, Katniss. I cant imagine what Effie will have to teach me that could take four hours, but shes got me working down to the last minute. We go to my rooms and she puts me in a full-length gown and high-heeled shoes, not the ones Ill he wearing for the actual interview, and instructs me on walking. The shoes are the worst part. Ive never worn high heels and cant get used to essentially wobbling around on the balls of my feet. But Effie runs around in them full-time, and Im determined that if she can do it, so can I. The dress poses anotherproblem. It keeps tangling around my shoes so, of course, I hitch it up, and then Effie swoops down on me like a hawk, smacking my hands and yelling, Not above the ankle! When I finally conquer walking, theres still sitting, posture apparently I have a tendency to duck my head eye contact, hand gestures, and smiling. Smiling is mostly about smiling more. Effie makes me say a hundred banal phrases starting with a smile, while smiling, or ending with a smile. By lunch, the muscles in my cheeks are twitching from overuse. Well, thats the best I can do, Effie says with a sigh. Just remember, Katniss, you want the audience to like you. And you dont think they will? I ask. Not if you glare at them the entire time. Why dont you save that for the arena? Instead, think of yourself among friends, says Effie. Theyre betting on how long Ill live! I burst out. Theyre not my friends! Well, try and pretend! snaps Effie. Then she composes herself and beams at me. See, like this. Im smiling at you even though youre aggravating me. Yes, it feels very convincing, I say. Im going to eat. 1 kick off my heels and stomp down to the dining room, hiking my skirt up to my thighs. Peeta and Haymitch seem in pretty good moods, so Im thinking the content session should be an improvement over the morning. I couldnt be more wrong. After lunch,

Haymitch takes me into the

sitting room, directs me to the couch, and then just frowns at me for a while. What? I finally ask. Im trying to figure out what to do with you, he says. How were going to present you. Are you going to be charming? Aloof? Fierce? So far, youre shining like a star. You volunteered to save your sister. Cinna made you look unforgettable. Youve got the top training score. People are intrigued, but no one knows who you are. The impression you make tomorrow will decide exactly what I can get you in terms of sponsors, says Haymitch. Having watched the tribute interviews all my life, I know theres truth to what hes saying. If you appeal to the crowd, either by being humorous or brutal or eccentric, you gain favor. Whats Peetas approach? Or am I not allowed to ask? I say. Likable. He has a sort of self-deprecating humor naturally, says Haymitch. Whereas when you open your mouth, you come across more as sullen and hostile. I do not! I say. Please. I dont know where you pulled that cheery, wavy girl on the chariot from, but I havent seen her before or since, says Haymitch. And youve given me so many reasons to be cheery, I counter.But you dont have to please me. Im not going to sponsor you. So pretend Im the audience, says Haymitch. Delight me. Fine! I snarl. Haymitch takes the role of the interviewer and I try to answer his questions in a winning fashion. But I cant. Im too angry with Haymitch for what he said and that I even have to answer the questions. All I can think is how unjust the whole thing is, the Hunger Games. Why am I hopping around like some trained dog trying to please people I hate? The longer the interview goes on, the more my fury seems to rise to the surface, until Im literally spitting out answers at him. All right, enough, he says. Weve got to find another angle. Not only are you hostile, I dont know anything about you. Ive asked you fifty questions and still have no sense of your life, your family, what you care about. They want to know about you, Katniss. But I dont want them to! Theyre already taking my future! They cant have the things that mattered to me in the past! I say. Then lie! Make something up! says Haymitch. Im not good at lying, I say. Well, you better learn fast. Youve got about as much charm as a dead slug, says Haymitch. Ouch. That hurts. Even Haymitch must know hes been too harsh because his voice softens. Heres an idea. Try acting humble. Humble, I echo. That you cant believe a little girl from District

Twelve has done this well. The whole things been more than you ever could have dreamed of. Talk about Cinnas clothes. How nice the people are. How the city amazes you. If you wont talk about yourself, at least compliment the audience. Just keep turning it back around, all right. Gush. The next hours are agonizing. At once, its clear I cannot gush. We try me playing cocky, but I just dont have the arrogance. Apparently, Im too vulnerable for ferocity. Im not witty. Funny. Sexy. Or mysterious. By the end of the

session, I am no one at all. Haymitch started drinking somewhere around witty, and a nasty edge has crept into his voice. I give up, sweetheart. Just answer the questions and try not to let the audience see how openly you despise them. I have dinner that night in my room, ordering an outrageous number of delicacies, eating myself sick, and then taking out my anger at Haymitch, at the Hunger Games, at every living being in the Capitol by smashing dishes around my room. When the girl with the red hair comes in to turn down my bed, her eyes widen at the mess. Just leave it! I yell at her. Just leave it alone! I hate her, too, with her knowing reproachful eyes that call me a coward, a monster, a puppet of the Capitol, both now and then. For her, justice must finally be happening. At least my death will help pay for the life of the boy in the woods. But instead of fleeing the room, the girl closes the door behind her and goes to the bathroom. She comes back with a damp cloth and wipes my face gently then cleans the blood from a broken plate off my hands. Why is she doing this? Why am I letting her? I should have tried to save you, I whisper. She shakes her head. Does this mean we were right to stand by? That she has forgiven me? No, it was wrong, I say. She taps her lips with her fingers then points to my chest. I think she means that I would just have ended up an Avox, too. Probably would have. An Avox or dead. I spend the next hour helping the redheaded girl clean the room. When all the garbage has been dropped down a disposal and the food cleaned away, she turns down my bed. I crawl in between the sheets like a five-year-old and let her tuck me in. Then she goes. I want her to stay until I fall asleep. To be there when I wake up. I want the protection of this girl, even though she never had mine. In the morning, its not the girl but my prep team who are hanging over me. My lessons with Effie and Haymitch are over. This day belongs to Cinna. Hes my last hope. Maybe he

can make me look so wonderful, no one will care what comes out of my mouth. The team works on me until late afternoon, turning my skin to glowing satin, stenciling patterns on my arms, painting flame designs on my twenty perfect nails. Then Venia goes to work on my hair, weaving strands of red into a pattern that begins at my left ear, wraps around my head, and then falls in one braid down my right shoulder. They erase my face with a layer of pale makeup and draw my features back out. Huge dark eyes, full red lips, lashes that throw off bits of light when I blink. Finally, they cover my entire body in a powder that makes me shimmer in gold dust. Then Cinna enters with what I assume is my dress, but I cant really see it because its covered. Close your eyes, he orders. I can feel the silken inside as they slip it down over my naked body, then the weight. It must be forty pounds. I clutch Octavias hand as I blindly step into my shoes, glad to find they are at least two inches lower than

the pair Effie had me practice in. Theres some adjusting and fidgeting. Then silence. Can I open my eyes? I ask. Yes, says Cinna. Open them. The creature standing before me in the full-length mirror has come from another world. Where skin shimmers and eyes flash and apparently they make their clothes from jewels. Because my dress, oh, my dress is entirely covered in reflective precious gems, red and yellow and white with bits of blue that accent the tips of the flame design. The slightest movement gives the impression I am engulfed in tongues of fire. I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun. For a while, we all just stare at me. Oh, Cinna, I finally whisper. Thank you. Twirl for me, he says. I hold out my arms and spin in a circle. The prep team screams in admiration. Cinna dismisses the team and has me move around in the dress and shoes, which are infinitely more manageable than Effies. The dress hangs in such a way that I dont have to lift the skirt when I walk, leaving me with one less thing to worry about. So, all ready for the interview then? asks Cinna. I can see by his expression that hes been talking to Haymitch. That he knows how dreadful I am. Im awful. Haymitch called me a dead slug. No matter what we tried, I couldnt do it. I just cant be one of those people he wants me to be, I say. Cinna thinks about this a moment. Why dont you just be yourself? Myself? Thats no good, either. Haymitch says Im sullen and hostile, I say. Well, you are . . . Around Haymitch, says Cinna with a grin. I dont find you so. The

prep team adores you. You even won over the Gamemakers. And as for the citizens of the Capitol, well, they cant stop talking about you. No one can help but admire your spirit. My spirit. This is a new thought. Im not sure exactly what it means, but it suggests Im a fighter. In a sort of brave way. Its not as if Im never friendly. Okay, maybe I dont go around loving everybody I meet, maybe my smiles are hard to come by, but I do care for some people. Cinna takes my icy hands in his warm ones. Suppose, when you answer the questions, you think youre addressing a friend back home. Who would your best friend be? asks Cinna. Gale, I say instantly. Only it doesnt make sense, Cinna. I would never be telling Gale those things about me. He already knows them. What about me? Could you think of me as a friend? asks Cinna. Of all the people Ive met since I left home, Cinna is by far my favorite. I liked him right off and he hasnt disappointed me yet. I think so, but Ill be sitting on the main platform with the other stylists. Youll be able to look right at me. When youre asked a question, find me, and answer it as honestly as possible, says Cinna. Even if what I think is horrible? I ask. Because it might be, really. Especially if what you think is horrible, says Cinna. Youll try it? I nod. Its a plan. Or at least a straw to grasp at.

Too soon its time to go. The interviews take place on a stage constructed in front of the

Training Center. Once I leave my room, it will be only minutes until Im in front of the crowd, the cameras, all of Panem. As Cinna turns the doorknob, I stop his hand. Cinna . . . Im completely overcome with stage fright. Remember, they already love you, he says gently. Just be yourself. We meet up with the rest of the District 12 crowd at the elevator. Portia and her gang have been hard at work. Peeta looks striking in a black suit with flame accents. While we look well together, its a relief not to be dressed identically. Haymitch and Effie are all fancied up for the occasion. I avoid Haymitch, but accept Effies compliments. Effie can be tiresome and clueless, but shes not destructive like Haymitch. When the elevator opens, the other tributes are being lined up to take the stage. All twenty-four of us sit in a big arc throughout the interviews. Ill be last, or second to last since the girl tribute precedes the boy from each district. How I wish I could be first and get the whole thing out of the way! Now Ill have to listen to how witty, funny, humble, fierce, and charming everybody

else is before I go up. Plus, the audience will start to get bored, just as the Gamemakers did. And I cant exactly shoot an arrow into the crowd to get their attention. Right before we parade onto the stage, Haymitch comes up behind Peeta and me and growls, Remember, youre still a happy pair. So act like it. What? I thought we abandoned that when Peeta asked for separate coaching. But I guess that was a private, not a public thing. Anyway, theres not much chance for interaction now, as we walk single-file to our seats and take our places. Just stepping on the stage makes my breathing rapid and shallow. I can feel my pulse pounding in my temples. Its a relief to get to my chair, because between the heels and my legs shaking, Im afraid Ill trip. Although evening is falling, the City Circle is brighter than a summers day. An elevated seating unit has been set up for prestigious guests, with the stylists commanding the front row. The cameras will turn to them when the crowd is reacting to their handiwork. A large balcony off a building to the right has been reserved for the Gamemakers. Television crews have claimed most of the other balconies. But the City Circle and the avenues that feed into it are completely packed with people. Standing room only. At homes and community halls around the country, every television set is turned on. Every citizen of Panem is tuned in. There will be no blackouts tonight. Caesar Flickerman, the man who has hosted the interviews for more than forty years, bounces onto the stage. Its a little scary because his appearance has been virtually unchanged during all that time. Same face under a coating of pure white makeup. Same hairstyle that he dyes a different color for each Hunger Games. Same ceremonial suit, midnight blue dotted with a thousand tiny electric bulbs that twinkle like stars. They do surgery in the Capitol, to make people appear

younger and thinner. In District 12, looking old is something of an achievement since so many people die early. You see an elderly person you want to congratulate them on their longevity, ask the secret of survival. A plump person is envied because they arent scraping by like the majority of us. But here it is different. Wrinkles arent desirable. A round belly isnt a sign of success. This year, Caesars hair is powder blue and his eyelids and lips are coated in the same hue. He looks freakish but less frightening than he did last year when his color was crimson and he seemed to be

bleeding. Caesar tells a few jokes to warm up the audience but then gets down to business. The girl tribute from District 1, looking provocative in a see-through gold gown, steps up the center of the stage to join Caesar for her interview. You can tell her mentor didnt have any trouble coming up with an angle for her. With that flowing blonde hair, emerald green eyes, her body tall and lush . . . Shes sexy all the way. Each interview only lasts three minutes. Then a buzzer goes off and the next tribute is up. Ill say this for Caesar, he really does his best to make the tributes shine. Hes friendly, tries to set the nervous ones at ease, laughs at lame jokes, and can turn a weak response into a memorable one by the way he reacts. I sit like a lady, the way Effie showed me, as the districts slip by. 2, 3, 4. Everyone seems to be playing up some angle. The monstrous boy from District 2 is a ruthless killing machine. The fox-faced girl from District 5 sly and elusive. I spotted Cinna as soon as he took his place, but even his presence cannot relax me. 8, 9, 10. The crippled boy from 10 is very quiet. My palms are sweating like crazy, but the jeweled dress isnt absorbent and they skid right of if I try to dry them. 11. Rue, who is dressed in a gossamer gown complete with wings, flutters her way to Caesar. A hush falls over the crowd at the sight of this magical wisp of a tribute. Caesars very sweet with her, complimenting her seven in training, an excellent score for one so small. When he asks her what her greatest strength in the arena will be, she doesnt hesitate. Im very hard to catch, she says in a tremulous voice. And if they cant catch me, they cant kill me. So dont count me out. I wouldnt in a million years, says Caesar encouragingly. The boy tribute from District 11, Thresh, has the same dark skin as Rue, but the resemblance stops there. Hes one of the giants, probably six and a half feet tall and built like an ox, but I noticed he rejected the invitations from the Career Tributes to join their crowd. Instead hes been very solitary, speaking to no one, showing little interest in training. Even so, he scored a ten and its not hard to imagine he impressed the Gamemakers. He ignores Caesars attempts at banter and answers with a yes or no or just remains silent. If only I was his size, I could get away with sullen and hostile and it would be just fine! I bet half the

sponsors are at least considering him. If I had any money, Id bet on him myself. And then theyre calling Katniss Everdeen, and I feel myself, as if in a dream,

standing and making my way center stage. I shake Caesars outstretched hand, and he has the good grace not to immediately wipe his off on his suit. So, Katniss, the Capitol must be quite a change from District Twelve. Whats impressed you most since you arrived here? asks Caesar. What? What did he say? Its as if the words make no sense. My mouth has gone as dry as sawdust. I desperately find Cinna in the crowd and lock eyes with him. I imagine the words coming from his lips. Whats impressed you most since you arrived here? I rack my brain for something that made me happy here. Be honest, I think. Be honest. The lamb stew, I get out. Caesar laughs, and vaguely I realize some of the audience has joined in. The one with the dried plums? asks Caesar. I nod. Oh, I eat it by the bucketful. He turns sideways to the audience in horror, hand on his stomach. It doesnt show, does it? They shout reassurances to him and applaud. This is what I mean about Caesar. He tries to help you out. Now, Katniss, he says confidentially, When you came out in the opening ceremonies, my heart actually stopped. What did you think of that costume? Cinna raises one eyebrow at me. Be honest. You mean after I got over my fear of being burned alive? I ask. Big laugh. A real one from the audience. Yes. Start then, says Caesar. Cinna, my friend, I should tell him anyway. I thought Cinna was brilliant and it was the most gorgeous costume Id ever seen and I couldnt believe I was wearing it. I cant believe Im wearing this, either. I lift up my skirt to spread it out. I mean, look at it! As the audience oohs and ahs, I see Cinna make the tiniest circular motion with his finger. But I know what hes saying. Twirl for me. I spin in a circle once and the reaction is immediate. Oh, do that again! says Caesar, and so I lift up my arms and spin around and around letting the skirt fly out, letting the dress engulf me in flames. The audience breaks into cheers. When I stop, I clutch Caesars arm. Dont stop! he says. I have to, Im dizzy! Im also giggling, which I think Ive done maybe never in my lifetime. But the nerves and the spinning have gotten to me. Caesar wraps a protective arm around me. Dont worry, Ive got you. Cant have you following in your mentors footsteps. Everyones hooting as the cameras find Haymitch, who is by now famous for his head dive at the reaping, and he waves them away good-naturedly and points back to me. Its all right, Caesar reassures the crowd. Shes safe with me. So, how about that training score. E-le-ven. Give us a hint what happened in there. I glance at the Gamemakers on the balcony and bite my lip. Um . . . All I can say, is I

think it was a first. The cameras are right on the Gamemakers, who are chuckling and nodding. Youre killing us, says Caesar as if in actual pain. Details. Details. I address the

balcony. Im not supposed to talk about it, right? The Gamemaker who fell in the punch bowl shouts out, Shes not! Thank you, I say. Sorry. My lips are sealed. Lets go back then, to the moment they called your sisters name at the reaping, says Caesar. His mood is quieter now. And you volunteered. Can you tell us about her? No. No, not all of you. But maybe Cinna. I dont think Im imagining the sadness on his face. Her names Prim. Shes just twelve. And I love her more than anything. You could hear a pin drop in the City Circle now. What did she say to you? After the reaping? Caesar asks. Be honest. Be honest. I swallow hard. She asked me to try really hard to win. The audience is frozen, hanging on my every word. And what did you say? prompts Caesar gently. But instead of warmth, I feel an icy rigidity take over my body. My muscles tense as they do before a kill. When I speak, my voice seems to have dropped an octave. I swore I would. I bet you did, says Caesar, giving me a squeeze. The buzzer goes off. Sorry were out of time. Best of luck, Katniss Everdeen, tribute from District Twelve. The applause continues long after Im seated. I look to Cinna for reassurance. He gives me a subtle thumbs-up. Im still in a daze for the first part of Peetas interview. He has the audience from the get-go, though; I can hear them laughing, shouting out. He plays up the bakers son thing, comparing the tributes to the breads from their districts. Then has a funny anecdote about the perils of the Capitol showers. Tell me, do I still smell like roses? he asks Caesar, and then theres a whole run where they take turns sniffing each other that brings down the house. Im coming back into focus when Caesar asks him if he has a girlfriend back home. Peeta hesitates, then gives an unconvincing shake of his head. Handsome lad like you. There must be some special girl. Come on, whats her name? says Caesar. Peeta sighs. Well, there is this one girl. Ive had a crush on her ever since I can remember. But Im pretty sure she didnt know I was alive until the reaping. Sounds of sympathy from the crowd. Unrequited love they can relate to. She have another fellow? asks Caesar. I dont know, but a lot of boys like her, says Peeta. So, heres what you do. You win, you go home. She cant turn you down then, eh? says Caesar

encouragingly. I dont think its going to work out. Winning . . . Wont help in my case, says Peeta. Why ever not? says Caesar, mystified. Peeta blushes beet red and stammers out. Because . . . Because . . . She came here with me.

PART II"THE GAMES"

10.

For a moment, the cameras hold on Peetas downcast eyes as what he says sinks in. Then I can see my face, mouth half open in a mix of surprise and protest, magnified on every screen as I realize, Me! He means me! I press my lips together and stare at the floor, hoping this will conceal the emotions starting to boil up inside of me. Oh, that is a piece of bad luck, says Caesar, and theres a real edge of pain in his voice. The crowd is murmuring in agreement, a few have even given agonized cries. Its not good, agrees Peeta. Well, I dont think any of us can blame you. Itd be hard not to fall for that young lady, says Caesar. She didnt know? Peeta shakes his head. Not until now. I allow my eyes to flicker up to the screen long enough to see that the blush on my cheeks is unmistakable. Wouldnt you love to pull her back out here and get a response? Caesar asks the audience. The crowd screams assent. Sadly, rules are rules, and Katniss Everdeens time has been spent. Well, best of luck to you, Peeta Mellark, and I think I speak for all of Panem when I say our hearts go with yours. The roar of the crowd is deafening. Peeta has absolutely wiped the rest of us off the map with his declaration of love for me. When the audience finally settles down, he chokes out a quiet Thank you and returns to his seat. We stand for the anthem. I have to raise my head out of the required respect and cannot avoid seeing that every screen is now dominated by a shot of Peeta and me, separated by a few feet that in the viewers heads can never be breached. Poor tragic us. But I know better. After the anthem, the tributes file back into the Training Center lobby and onto the elevators. I make sure to veer into a car that does not contain Peeta. The crowd slows our entourages of stylists and mentors and chaperones, so we have only each other for company. No one speaks. My elevator stops to deposit four tributes before I am alone and then find the doors opening on the twelfth floor. Peeta has only just stepped from his car when

I slam my palms into his chest. He loses his balance and crashes into an ugly urn filled with fake flowers. The urn tips and shatters into hundreds of tiny pieces. Peeta lands in the shards, and blood immediately flows from his hands. What was that for? he says, aghast. You had no right! No right to go saying those things about me! I shout at him. Now the elevators open and the whole crew is there, Effie, Haymitch, Cinna, and Portia. Whats going on? says Effie, a note of hysteria in her voice. Did you fall? After she shoved me, says Peeta as Effie and Cinna help him up. Haymitch turns on me. Shoved him? This was your idea, wasnt it? Turning me into some kind of fool in front of the entire country? I answer. It was my idea, says Peeta, wincing as he pulls spikes of pottery from his palms. Haymitch just helped me with it. Yes, Haymitch is very helpful. To you! I say. You are a fool, Haymitch says in disgust. Do you think he hurt you? That boy just gave you

something you could never achieve on your own. He made me look weak! I say. He made you look desirable! And lets face it, you can use all the help you can get in that department. You were about as romantic as dirt until he said he wanted you.

Now they all do. Youre all theyre talking about. The star-crossed lovers from District Twelve! says Haymitch. But were not star-crossed lovers! I say. Haymitch grabs my shoulders and pins me against the wall. Who cares? Its all a big show. Its all how youre perceived. The most I could say about you after your interview was that you were nice enough, although that in itself was a small miracle. Now I can say youre a heartbreaker. Oh, oh, oh, how the boys back home fall longingly at your feet. Which do you think will get you more sponsors? The smell of wine on his breath makes me sick. I shove his hands off my shoulders and step away, trying to clear my head. Cinna comes over and puts his arm around me. Hes right, Katniss. I dont know what to think. I should have been told, so I didnt look so stupid. No, your reaction was perfect. If youd known, it wouldnt have read as real, says Portia. Shes just worried about her boyfriend, says Peeta gruffly, tossing away a bloody piece of the urn. My cheeks burn again at the thought of Gale. I dont have a boyfriend. Whatever, says Peeta. But I bet hes smart enough to know a bluff when he sees it. Besides you didnt say you loved me. So what does it matter? The words are sinking in. My anger fading. Im torn now between thinking Ive been used and thinking Ive been given an

edge. Haymitch is right. I survived my interview, but what was I really? A silly girl spinning in a sparkling, dress. Giggling. The only moment of any substance I hail was when I talked about Prim. Compare that with Thresh, his silent, deadly power, and Im forgettable. Silly and sparkly and forgettable. No, not entirely forgettable, I have my eleven in training. But now Peeta has made me an object of love. Not just his. To hear him tell it I have many admirers. And if the audience really thinks were in love . . . I remember how strongly they responded to his confession. Star-crossed lovers. Haymitch is right, they eat that stuff up in the Capitol. Suddenly Im worried that I didnt react properly. After he said he loved me, did you think I could be in love with him, too? I ask. I did, says Portia. The way you avoided looking at the cameras, the blush. They others chime in, agreeing. Youre golden, sweetheart. Youre going to have sponsors lined up around the block, says Haymitch. Im embarrassed about my reaction. I force myself to acknowledge Peeta. Im sorry I shoved you. Doesnt matter, he shrugs. Although its technically illegal. Are your hands okay? I ask. Theyll be all right, he says. In the silence that follows, delicious smells of our dinner waft in from the dining room. Come on, lets eat, says Haymitch. We all follow him to the table and

take our places. But then Peeta is bleeding too heavily, and Portia

leads him off for medical treatment. We start the cream and rose-petal soup without them. By the time weve finished, theyre back. Peetas hands are wrapped in bandages. I cant help feeling guilty. Tomorrow we will be in the arena. He has done me a favor and I have answered with an injury. Will I never stop owing him? After dinner, we watch the replay in the sitting room. I seem frilly and shallow, twirling and giggling in my dress, although the others assure me I am charming. Peeta actually is charming and then utterly winning as the boy in love. And there I am, blushing and confused, made beautiful by Cinnas hands, desirable by Peetas confession, tragic by circumstance, and by all accounts, unforgettable. When the anthem finishes and the screen goes dark, a hush falls on the room. Tomorrow at dawn, we will be roused and prepared for the arena. The actual Games dont start until ten because so many of the Capitol residents rise late. But Peeta and I must make an early start. There is no telling how far we will travel to the arena that has been prepared for this years Games. I know Haymitch and Effie will not be going with us. As soon as they leave

here, theyll be at the Games Headquarters, hopefully madly signing up our sponsors, working out a strategy on how and when to deliver the gifts to us. Cinna and Portia will travel with us to the very spot from which we will be launched into the arena. Still final good-byes must be said here. Effie takes both of us by the hand and, with actual tears in her eyes, wishes us well. Thanks us for being the best tributes it has ever been her privilege to sponsor. And then, because its Effie and shes apparently required by law to say something awful, she adds I wouldnt be at all surprised if I finally get promoted to a decent district next year! Then she kisses us each on the cheek and hurries out, overcome with either the emotional parting or the possible improvement of her fortunes. Haymitch crosses his arms and looks us both over. Any final words of advice? asks Peeta. When the gong sounds, get the hell out of there. Youre neither of you up to the blood bath at the Cornucopia. Just clear out, put as much distance as you can between yourselves and the others, and find a source of water, he says. Got it? And after that? I ask. Stay alive, says Haymitch. Its the same advice he gave us on the train, but hes not drunk and laughing this time. And we only nod. What else is there to say? When I head to my room, Peeta lingers to

talk to Portia. Im glad. Whatever strange words of parting we exchange can wait until tomorrow. My covers are drawn back, but there is no sign of the redheaded Avox girl. I wish I knew her name. I should have asked it. She could write it down maybe. Or act it out. But perhaps that would only result in punishment for her. I take a shower and scrub the gold paint, the makeup, the scent of beauty from my body. All that remains of the design-teams efforts are the flames on my nails. I decide to

keep them as reminder of who I am to the audience. Katniss, the girl who was on fire. Perhaps it will give me something to hold on to in the days to come. I pull on a thick, fleecy nightgown and climb into bed. It takes me about five seconds to realize Ill never fall asleep. And I need sleep desperately because in the arena every moment I give in to fatigue will be an invitation to death. Its no good. One hour, two, three pass, and my eyelids refuse to get heavy. I cant stop trying to imagine exactly what terrain Ill be thrown into. Desert? Swamp? A frigid wasteland? Above all I am hoping for trees, which may afford me some means of concealment and food and shelter, Often there are trees because barren landscapes are dull and the Games resolve too

quickly without them. But what will the climate be like? What traps have the Gamemakers hid den to liven up the slower moments? And then there are my fellow tributes . . . The more anxious I am to find sleep, the more it eludes me. Finally, I am too restless to even stay in bed. I pace the floor, heart beating too fast, breathing too short. My room feels like a prison cell. If I dont get air soon, Im going to start to throw things again. I run down the hall to the door to the roof. Its not only unlocked but ajar. Perhaps someone forgot to close it, but it doesnt matter. The energy field enclosing the roof prevents any desperate form of escape. And Im not looking to escape, only to fill my lungs with air. I want to see the sky and the moon on the last night that no one will be hunting me. The roof is not lit at night, but as soon as my bare feel reach its tiled surface I see his silhouette, black against the lights that shine endlessly in the Capitol. Theres quite a commotion going on down in the streets, music and singing and car horns, none of which I could hear through the thick glass window panels in my room. I could slip away now, without him noticing me; he wouldnt hear me over the din, But the night airs so sweet, I cant bear returning to that stuffy cage of a room. And what difference does it make? Whether we speak or

not? My feet move soundlessly across the tiles. Im only yard behind him when I say, You should be getting some sleep. He starts but doesnt turn. I can see him give his head a slight shake. I didnt want to miss the party. Its for us, after all. I come up beside him and lean over the edge of the rail. The wide streets are full of dancing people. I squint to make out their tiny figures in more detail. Are they in costumes? Who could tell? Peeta answers. With all the crazy clothes they wear here. Couldnt sleep, either? Couldnt turn my mind off, I say. Thinking about your family? he asks. No, I admit a bit guiltily. All I can do is wonder about tomorrow. Which is pointless, of course. In the light from below, I can see his face now, the awkward way he holds his bandaged hands. I really am sorry about your hands. It doesnt matter, Katniss, he says. Ive never been a contender in these

Games anyway. Thats no way to be thinking, I say. Why not? Its true. My best hope is to not disgrace myself and . . . He hesitates. And what? I say. I dont know how to say it exactly. Only . . . I want to die as myself. Does that make any sense? he asks. I shake my head. How could he die as anyone but himself? I dont want them to change

me in there. Turn me into some kind of monster that Im not. I bite my lip feeling inferior. While Ive been ruminating on the availability of trees, Peeta has been struggling with how to maintain his identity. His purity of self. Do you mean you wont kill anyone? I ask. No, when the time comes, Im sure Ill kill just like everybody else. I cant go down without a fight. Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to . . . To show the Capitol they dont own me. That Im more than just a piece in their Games, says Peeta. But youre not, I say. None of us are. Thats how the Games work. Okay, but within that framework, theres still you, theres still me, he insists. Dont you see? A little. Only . . . No offense, but who cares, Peeta? I say. I do. I mean, what else am I allowed to care about at this point? he asks angrily. Hes locked those blue eyes on mine now, demanding an answer. I take a step back. Care about what Haymitch said. About staying alive. Peeta smiles at me, sad and mocking. Okay. Thanks for the tip, sweetheart. Its like a slap in the face. His use of Haymitchs patronizing endearment. Look, if you want to spend the last hours of your life planning some noble death in the arena, thats your choice. I want to spend mine in District Twelve. Wouldnt surprise me if you do, says Peeta. Give my mother my best when you make it back, will you?

Count on it, I say. Then I turn and leave the roof. I spend the rest of the night slipping in and out of a doze, imagining the cutting remarks I will make to Peeta Mellark in the morning. Peeta Mellark. We will see how high and mighty he is when he's faced with life and death. He'll probably turn into one of those raging beast tributes, the kind who tries to eat someone's heart after they've killed them. There was a guy like that a few years ago from District 6 called Titus. He went completely savage and the Gamemakers had to have him stunned with electric guns to collect the bodies of the players he'd killed before he ate them. There are no rules in the arena, but cannibalism doesn't play well with the Capitol audience, so they tried to head it off. There was some speculation that the avalanche that finally took Titus out was specifically engineered to ensure the victor was not a lunatic. I don't see Peeta in the morning. Cinna comes to me before dawn, gives me a simple shift to wear, and guides me to the roof. My final dressing and preparations will be alone in the catacombs under the arena itself. A hovercraft appears out of thin air, just like the one did in the woods the day I saw the redheaded Avox girl captured, and a ladder drops down. I place my hands and feet on the lower


rungs and instantly it's as if I'm frozen. Some sort of current glues me to the ladder while I'm lifted safely inside. I expect the ladder to release me then, but I'm still stuck when a woman in a white coat approaches me carrying a syringe. "This is just your tracker, Katniss. The stiller you are, the more efficiently I can place it, " she says. Still? I'm a statue. But that doesn't prevent me from feeling the sharp stab of pain as the needle inserts the metal tracking device deep under the skin on the inside of my forearm. Now the Gamemakers will always be able to trace my whereabouts in the arena. Wouldnt want to lose a tribute. As soon as the trackers in place, the ladder releases me. The woman disappears and Cinna is retrieved from the roof, An Avox boy comes in and directs us to a room where breakfast has been laid out. Despite the tension in my stomach, I eat as much as I can, although none of the delectable food makes any impression on me. Im so nervous, I could be eating coal dust. The one thing that distracts me at all is the view from the windows as we sail over the city and then to the wilderness beyond. This is what birds see. Only theyre free and safe. The very opposite of me. The ride lasts about half an hour before the windows black out, suggesting that were nearing the arena. The hovercraft lands and Cinna and I go back

to the ladder, only this time it leads down into a tube underground, into the catacombs that lie beneath the arena. We follow instructions to my destination, a chamber for my preparation. In the Capitol, they call it the Launch Room. In the districts, its referred to as the Stockyard. The place animals go before slaughter. Everything is brand-new, I will be the first and only tribute to use this Launch Room. The arenas are historic sites, preserved after the Games. Popular destinations for Capitol residents to visit, to vacation. Go for a month, rewatch the Games, tour the catacombs, visit the sites where the deaths took place. You can even take part in reenactments. They say the food is excellent. I struggle to keep my breakfast down as I shower and clean my teeth. Cinna does my hair in my simple trademark braid down my back. Then the clothes arrive, the same for every tribute. Cinna has had no say in my outfit, does not even know what will be in the package, but he helps me dress in the undergarments, simple tawny pants, light green blouse, sturdy brown belt, and thin, hooded black jacket that falls to my thighs. The material in the jackets designed to reflect body heat. Expect some cool nights, he says. The boots, worn over skintight socks, are better than I could have hoped for. Soft leather not unlike my ones at

home. These have a narrow flexible rubber sole with treads though. Good for running. I think Im finished when Cinna pulls the gold mockingjay pin from his pocket. I had completely forgotten about it. Where did you get that? I ask. Off the green outfit you wore on the train, he says. I remember now

taking it off my mothers dress, pinning it to the shirt. Its your district token, right? I nod and he fastens it on my shirt. It barely cleared the review board. Some thought the pin could be used as a weapon, giving you an unfair advantage. But eventually, they let it through, says Cinna. They eliminated a ring from that District One girl, though. If you twisted the gemstone, a spike popped out. Poisoned one. She claimed she had no knowledge the ring transformed and there was no way to prove she did. But she lost her token. There, youre all set. Move around. Make sure everything feels comfortable. I walk, run in a circle, swing my arms about. Yes, its fine. Fits perfectly. Then theres nothing to do but wait for the call, says Cinna. Unless you think you could eat any more? I turn down food but accept a glass of water that I take tiny sips of as we wait on a couch. I dont want to chew on my nails or lips, so I

find myself gnawing on the inside of my cheek. It still hasnt fully healed from a few days ago. Soon the taste of blood fills my mouth. Nervousness seeps into terror as I anticipate what is to come. I could be dead, flat-out dead, in an hour. Not even. My fingers obsessively trace the hard little lump on my forearm where the woman injected the tracking device. I press on it, even though it hurts, I press on it so hard a small bruise begins to form. Do you want to talk, Katniss? Cinna asks. I shake my head but after a moment hold out my hand to him. Cinna encloses it in both of his. And this is how we sit until a pleasant female voice announces its time to prepare for launch. Still clenching one of Cinnas hands, I walk over and stand on the circular metal plate. Remember what Haymitch said. Run, find water. The rest will follow, he says. I nod. And remember this. Im not allowed to bet, but if I could, my money would be on you. Truly? I whisper. Truly, says Cinna. He leans down and kisses me on the forehead. Good luck, girl on fire. And then a glass cylinder is lowering around me, breaking our handhold, cutting him off from me. He taps his fingers under his chin. Head high. I lift my chin and stand as straight as I can. The cylinder begins to rise. For maybe fifteen seconds, Im in darkness and then I can feel the metal plate pushing

me out of the cylinder, into the open air. For a moment, my eyes are dazzled by the bright sunlight and Im conscious only of a strong wind with the hopeful smell of pine trees. Then I hear the legendary announcer, Claudius Templesmith, as his voice booms all around me. Ladies and gentlemen, let the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games begin!

11.

Sixty seconds. Thats how long were required to stand on our metal circles before the sound of a gong releases us. Step off before the minute is up, and land mines blow your legs off. Sixty seconds to take in the ring of tributes all equidistant from the Cornucopia, a giant golden horn shaped like a cone with a curved tail, the mouth of which is at least twenty feet high, spilling over with

the things that will give us life here in the arena. Food, containers of water, weapons, medicine, garments, fire starters. Strewn around the Cornucopia are other supplies, their value decreasing the farther they are from the horn. For instance, only a few steps from my feet lays a three-foot square of plastic. Certainly it could be of some use in a downpour. But there in the mouth, I can see a tent pack that would protect from almost any sort of weather. If I had the guts to go in and fight for it against the other twenty-three tributes. Which I have been instructed not to do. Were on a flat, open stretch of ground. A plain of hard-packed dirt. Behind the tributes across from me, I can see nothing, indicating either a steep downward slope or even cliff. To my right lies a lake. To my left and back, spars piney woods. This is where Haymitch would want me to go. Immediately. I hear his instructions in my head. Just clear out, put as much distance as you can between yourselves and the others, and find a source of water. But its tempting, so tempting, when I see the bounty waiting there before me. And I know that if I dont get it, someone else will. That the Career Tributes who survive the bloodbath will divide up most of these life-sustaining spoils. Something catches my eye. There, resting on a mound of blanket rolls, is a silver sheath of arrows and a bow, already strung, just waiting to be engaged. Thats mine, I think. Its meant for me. Im fast. I can sprint faster than any of

the girls in our school although a couple can beat me in distance races. But this forty-yard length, this is what I am built for. I know I can get it, I know I can reach it first, but then the question is how quickly can I get out of there? By the time Ive scrambled up the packs and grabbed the weapons, others will have reached the horn, and one or two I might be able to pick off, but say theres a dozen, at that close range, they could take me down with the spears and the clubs. Or their own powerful fists. Still, I wont be the only target. Im betting many of the other tributes would pass up a smaller girl, even one who scored an eleven in training, to take out their more fierce adversaries. Haymitch has never seen me run. Maybe if he had hed tell me to go for it. Get the weapon. Since thats the very weapon that might be my salvation. And I only see one bow in that whole pile. I know the minute must be almost up and will have to decide what my strategy will be and I find myself positioning my feet to run, not away into the stir rounding forests but toward the pile, toward the bow. When suddenly I notice Peeta, hes about five tributes to my right, quite a fair distance, still I can tell hes looking at me and I think he might be shaking his head. But the suns in my eyes, and while Im puzzling over it the gong rings out. And Ive missed it! Ive missed my chance! Because those extra couple of seconds Ive lost by not being ready are enough to change my mind about going in. My

feet shuffle for a moment, confused at the direction my brain wants to take and then I lunge forward, scoop up the sheet of plastic and a loaf of bread. The pickings are so small and Im so angry with Peeta for distracting me that I sprint in twenty yards to retrieve a bright orange backpack that could hold anything because I cant stand leaving with virtually nothing. A boy, I think from District 9, reaches the pack at the same time I do and for a brief time we grapple for it and then he coughs, splattering my face with blood. I stagger back, repulsed by the warm, sticky spray. Then the boy slips to the ground. Thats when I see the knife in his back. Already other tributes have reached the Cornucopia and are spreading out to attack. Yes, the girl from District 2, ten yards away, running toward me, one hand clutching a half-dozen knives. Ive seen her throw in training. She never misses. And Im her next target. All the general fear Ive been feeling condenses into at immediate fear of this girl, this predator who might kill me in seconds. Adrenaline shoots through me and I sling the

pack over one shoulder and run full-speed for the woods. I can hear the blade whistling toward me and reflexively hike the pack up to protect my head. The blade lodges in the pack. Both straps on my shoulders now, I make for the trees. Somehow I know the girl will not pursue me. That shell be drawn back into the Cornucopia before all the good stuff is gone. A grin crosses my face. Thanks for the knife, I think. At the edge of the woods I turn for one instant to survey the field. About a dozen or so tributes are hacking away at one another at the horn. Several lie dead already on the ground. Those who have taken flight are disappearing into the trees or into the void opposite me. I continue running until the woods have hidden me from the other tributes then slow into a steady jog that I think I can maintain for a while. For the next few hours, I alternate between jogging and walking, putting as much distance as I can between myself and my competitors. I lost my bread during the struggle with the boy from District 9 but managed to stuff my plastic in my sleeve so as I walk I fold it neatly and tuck it into a pocket. I also free the knife its a fine one with a long sharp blade, serrated near the handle, which will make it handy for sawing through things and slide it into my belt. I dont dare stop to examine the contents of the pack yet. I just keep moving, pausing only to check for pursuers. I can go a long time. I know that from my days in the woods. But I will need water. That was Haymitchs second instruction, and since I sort of botched the first, I keep a sharp eye out for any sign of it. No luck. The woods begin to evolve, and the pines are intermixed with a variety of trees, some I recognize, some completely foreign to me. At one point, I hear a noise and pull my knife, thinking I may have to defend myself, but Ive only startled a rabbit. Good to see you, I whisper. If

theres one rabbit, there could be hundreds just waiting to be snared. The ground slopes down. I dont particularly like this. Valleys make me feel trapped. I want to be high, like in the hills around District 12, where I can see my enemies approaching. But I have no choice but to keep going. Funny though, I dont feel too bad. The days of gorging myself have paid off. Ive got staying power even though Im short on sleep. Being in the woods is rejuvenating. Im glad for the solitude, even though its an illusion, because Im probably on-screen right now. Not consistently but off and on. There are so many deaths to show the first day that a tribute trekking

through the woods isnt much to look at. But theyll show me enough to let people know Im alive, uninjured and on the move. One of the heaviest days of betting is the opening, when the initial casualties come in. But that cant compare to what happens as the field shrinks to a handful of players. Its late afternoon when I begin to hear the cannons. Each shot represents a dead tribute. The fighting must have finally stopped at the Cornucopia. They never collect the bloodbath bodies until the killers have dispersed. On the opening day, they dont even fire the cannons until the initial fightings over because its too hard to keep track of the fatalities. I allow myself to pause, panting, as I count the shots. One . . . Two . . . Three . . . On and on until they reach eleven. Eleven dead in all. Thirteen left to play. My fingernails scrape at the dried blood the boy from District 9 coughed into my face. Hes gone, certainly. I wonder about Peeta. Has he lasted through the day? Ill know in a few hours. When they project the deads images into the sky for the rest of us to see. All of a sudden, Im overwhelmed by the thought that Peeta may be already lost, bled white, collected, and in the process of being transported back to the Capitol to be cleaned up, redressed, and shipped in a simple wooden box back to District 12. No longer here.Heading home. I try hard to remember if I saw him once the action started. But the last image I can conjure up is Peeta shaking his head as the gong rang out. Maybe its better, if hes gone already. He had no confidence he could win. And I will not end up with the unpleasant task of killing him. Maybe its better if hes out of this for good. I slump down next to my pack, exhausted. I need to go through it anyway before night falls. See what I have to work with. As I unhook the straps, I can feel its sturdily made although a rather unfortunate color. This orange will practically glow in the dark. I make a mental note to camouflage it first thing tomorrow. I flip open the flap. What I want most, right at this moment, is water. Haymitchs directive to immediately find water was not arbitrary. I wont last long without it. For a few days, Ill be able to function with unpleasant symptoms of dehydration, but after that I'll deteriorate into helplessness and be dead in a week, tops. I

carefully lay out the provisions. One thin black sleeping bag that reflects body heal. A pack of crackers. A pack of dried beef strips. A bottle of iodine. A box of wooden matches. A small coil of wire. A pair of sunglasses. And a half-gallon plastic

bottle with a cap for carrying water that's bone dry. No water. How hard would it have been for them to fill up the bottle? I become aware of the dryness in my throat and mouth, the cracks in my lips. I've been moving all day long. It's been hot and I've sweat a lot. I do this at home, but there are always streams to drink from, or snow to melt if it should come to it. As I refill my pack I have an awful thought. The lake. The one I saw while I was waiting for the gong to sound. What if that's the only water source in the arena? That way they'll guarantee drawing us in to fight. The lake is a full day's journey from where I sit now, a much harder journey with nothing to drink. And then, even if I reach it, it's sure to be heavily guarded by some of the Career Tributes. I'm about to panic when I remember the rabbit I startled earlier today. It has to drink, too. I just have to find out where. Twilight is closing in and I am ill at ease. The trees are too thin to offer much concealment. The layer of pine needles that muffles my footsteps also makes tracking animals harder when I need their trails to find water. And I'm still heading downhill, deeper and deeper into a valley that seems endless. Im hungry, too, but I dont dare break into my precious store of crackers and beef yet. Instead, I take my knife and go to work on a pine tree, cutting away the outer bark and scraping off a large handful of the softer inner bark. I slowly chew the stuff as I walk along. After a week of the finest food in the world, its a little hard to choke down. But Ive eaten plenty of pine in my life. Ill adjust quickly. In another hour, its clear Ive got to find a place to camp. Night creatures are coming out. I can hear the occasional hoot or howl, my first clue that Ill be competing with natural predators for the rabbits. As to whether Ill be viewed as a source of food, its too soon to tell. There could be any number of animals stalking me at this moment. But right now, I decide to make my fellow tributes a priority. Im sure many will continue hunting through the night. Those who fought it out at the Cornucopia will have food, an abundance of water from the lake, torches or flashlights, and weapons theyre itching to use. I can only hope Ive traveled far and fast enough to be out of range. Before settling down, I take my wire and set two twitch-up snares in the brush. I know its risky to be setting traps, but food will go so fast out here. And I cant set snares on the run. Still, I walk another five minutes before making camp. I pick my tree carefully. A willow, not terribly tall but set in a clump of other willows, offering concealment in those long, flowing tresses. I climb up, sticking to the stronger

branches close to

the trunk, and find a sturdy fork for my bed. It takes some doing, but I arrange the sleeping bag in a relatively comfortable manner. I place my backpack in the foot of the bag, then slide in after it. As a precaution, I remove my belt, loop it all the way around the branch and my sleeping bag, and refasten it at my waist. Now if I roll over in my sleep, I wont go crashing to the ground. Im small enough to tuck the top of the bag over my head, but I put on my hood as well. As night falls, the air is cooling quickly. Despite the risk I took in getting the backpack, I know now it was the right choice. This sleeping bag, radiating back and preserving my body heat, will be invaluable. Im sure there are several other tributes whose biggest concern right now is how to stay warm whereas I may actually be able to get a few hours of sleep. If only I wasnt so thirsty . . . Night has just come when I hear the anthem that proceeds the death recap. Through the branches I can see the seal of the Capitol, which appears to be floating in the sky. Im actually viewing another screen, an enormous one thats transported by of one of their disappearing hovercraft. The anthem fades out and the sky goes dark for a moment. At home, we would be watching full coverage of each and every killing, but thats thought to give an unfair advantage to the living tributes. For instance, if I got my hands on the bow and shot someone, my secret would be revealed to all. No, here in the arena, all we see are the same photographs they showed when they televised our training scores. Simple head shots. But now instead of scores they post only district numbers. I take a deep breath as the face of the eleven dead tributes begin and tick them off one by one on my fingers. The first to appear is the girl from District 3. That means that the Career Tributes from 1 and 2 have all survived. No surprise there. Then the boy from 4. I didnt expect that one, usually all the Careers make it through the first day. The boy from District 5 . . . I guess the fox-faced girl made it. Both tributes from 6 and 7. The boy from 8. Both from 9. Yes, theres the boy who I fought for the backpack. Ive run through my fingers, only one more dead tribute to go. Is it Peeta? No, theres the girl from District 10. Thats it. The Capitol seal is back with a final musical flourish. Then darkness and the sounds of the forest resume. Im relieved Peetas alive. I tell myself again that if I get killed, his winning will benefit my mother and Prim the most. This is what I tell

myself to explain the conflicting emotions that arise when I think of Peeta. The gratitude that he gave me an edge by professing his love for me in the interview. The anger at his superiority on the roof. The dread that we may come face-to-face at any moment in this arena. Eleven dead, but none from District 12. I try to work out who is left. Five Career Tributes. Foxface. Thresh and Rue. Rue . . . So she made it through the first day after all. I cant

help feeling glad. That makes ten of us. The other three Ill figure out tomorrow. Now when it is dark, and I have traveled far, and I am nestled high in this tree, now I must try and rest. I havent really slept in two days, and then theres been the long days journey into the arena. Slowly, I allow my muscles to relax. My eyes to close. The last thing I think is its lucky I dont snore. . . . Snap! The sound of a breaking branch wakes me. How long have I been asleep? Four hours? Five? The tip of my nose is icy cold. Snap! Snap! Whats going on? This is not the sound of a branch under someones foot, but the sharp crack of one coming from a tree. Snap! Snap! I judge it to be several hundred yards to my right. Slowly, noiselessly, I turn myself in that direction. For a few minutes, theres nothing but blackness and some scuffling. Then I see a spark and a small fire begins to bloom. A pair of hands warms over flames, but I cant make out more than that. I have to bite my lip not to scream every foul name I know at the fire starter. What are they thinking? A fire Ill just at nightfall would have been one thing. Those who battled at the Cornucopia, with their superior strength and surplus of supplies, they couldnt possibly have been near enough to spot the flames then. But now, when theyve probably been combing the woods for hours looking for victims. You might as well be waving a flag and shouting, Come and get me! And here I am a stones throw from the biggest idiot in the Games. Strapped in a tree. Not daring to flee since my general location has just been broadcast to any killer who cares. I mean, I know its cold out here and not everybody has a sleeping bag. But then you grit your teeth and stick it out until dawn! I lay smoldering in my bag for the next couple of hours really thinking that if I can get out of this tree, I wont have the least problem taking out my new neighbor. My instinct has been to flee, not fight. But obviously this persons a hazard. Stupid people are dangerous. And this one probably doesnt have much in the way of weapons while Ive got this excellent knife.

The sky is still dark, but I can feel the first signs of dawn approaching. Im beginning to think we meaning the person whose death Im now devising and me we might actually have gone unnoticed. Then I hear it. Several pairs of feet breaking into a run. The fire starter must have dozed off. Theyre on her before she can escape. I know its a girl now, I can tell by the pleading, the agonized scream that follows. Then theres laughter and congratulations from several voices. Someone cries out, Twelve down and eleven to go! which gets a round of appreciative hoots. So theyre fighting in a pack. Im not really surprised. Often alliances are formed in the early stages of the Games. The strong band together to hunt down the weak then, when the tension becomes too great, begin to turn on one another. I dont have to wonder too hard who has made this alliance. Itll be the remaining Career

Tributes from Districts 1, 2, and 4. Two boys and three girls. The ones who lunched together. For a moment, I hear them checking the girl for supplies. I can tell by their comments theyve found nothing good. I wonder if the victim is Rue but quickly dismiss the thought. Shes much too bright to be building a fire like that. Better clear out so they can get the body before it starts stinking. Im almost certain thats the brutish boy from District 2. There are murmurs of assent and then, to my horror, I hear the pack heading toward me. They do not know Im here. How could they? And Im well concealed in the clump of trees. At least while the sun stays down. Then my black sleeping bag will turn from camouflage to trouble. If they just keep moving, they will pass me and be gone in a minute. But the Careers stop in the clearing about ten yards from my tree. They have flashlights, torches. I can see an arm here, a boot there, through the breaks in the branches. I turn to stone, not even daring to breathe. Have they spotted me? No, not yet. I can tell from their words their minds are elsewhere. Shouldnt we have heard a cannon by now? Id say yes. Nothing to prevent them from going in immediately. Unless she isnt dead. Shes dead. I stuck her myself. Then wheres the cannon? Someone should go back. Make sure the jobs done. Yeah, we dont want to have to track her down twice. I said shes dead! An argument breaks out until one tribute silences the others. Were wasting time! Ill go finish her and lets move on! I almost fall out of the tree. The voice belongs to Peeta.

12.

Thank goodness, I had the foresight to belt myself in. Ive rolled sideways off the fork and Im facing the ground, held in place by the belt, one hand, and my feet straddling the pack inside my sleeping bag, braced against the trunk. There must have been some rustling when I tipped sideways, but the Careers have been too caught up in their own argument to catch it. Go on, then, Lover Boy, says the boy from District 2. See for yourself. I just get a glimpse of Peeta, lit by a torch, heading back to the girl by the fire. His face is swollen with bruises, theres a bloody bandage on one arm, and from the sound of his gait hes limping somewhat. I remember him shaking him his head, telling me not to go into the fight for the supplies, when all along, all along hed planned to throw himself into the thick of things. Just the opposite of what Haymitch had mid him to do. Okay, I can stomach that. Seeing all those supplies was tempting. But this . . . This other thing. This teaming up with the Career wolf pack to hunt down the rest of us. No one from District 12 would think of doing such a thing! Career tributes are overly vicious, arrogant, better fed, but only because theyre the Capitols lapdogs. Universally, solidly hated by all but those from their own districts. I can imagine the things theyre saying about him back home now. And Peeta had the gall to talk to me about disgrace? Obviously, the noble boy on the rooftop

was playing just one more game with me. But this will be his last. I will eagerly watch the night skies for signs of his death, if I dont kill him first myself. The Career tributes are silent until he gets out of ear shot, then use hushed voices. Why dont we just kill him now and get it over with? Let him tag along. Whats the harm? And hes handy with that knife. Is he? Thats news. What a lot of interesting things Im learning about my friend Peeta today. Besides, hes our best chance of finding her. It takes me a moment to register that the her theyre referring to is me. Why? You think she bought into that sappy romance stuff? She might have. Seemed pretty simpleminded to me. Every time I think about her spinning around in that dress, I want to puke. Wish we knew how she got that eleven. Bet you Lover Boy knows. The sound of Peeta returning silences them. Was she dead? asks the boy from District 2. No. But she is

now, says Peeta. Just then, the cannon fires. Ready to move on? The Career pack sets off at a run just as dawn begins to break, and birdsong fills the air. I remain in my awkward position, muscles trembling with exertion for a while longer, then hoist myself back onto my branch. I need to get down, to get going, but for a moment I lie there, digesting what Ive heard. Not only is Peeta with the Careers, hes helping them find me. The simpleminded girl who has to be taken seriously because of her eleven. Because she can use a bow and arrow. Which Peeta knows better than anyone. But he hasnt told them yet. Is he saving that information because he knows its all that keeps him alive? Is he still pretending to love me for the audience? What is going on in his head? Suddenly, the birds fall silent. Then one gives a high-pitched warning call. A single note. Just like the one Gale and I heard when the redheaded Avox girl was caught. High above the dying campfire a hovercraft materializes. A set of huge metal teeth drops down. Slowly, gently, the dead tribute girl is lifted into the hovercraft. Then it vanishes. The birds resume their song. Move, I whisper to myself. I wriggle out of my sleeping bag, roll it up, and place it in the pack. I take a deep breath. While Ive been concealed by darkness and the sleeping bag and the willow

branches, it has probably been difficult for the cameras to get a good shot of me. I know they must be tracking me now though. The minute I hit the ground, Im guaranteed a close-up. The audience will have been beside themselves, knowing I was in the tree, that I overheard the Careers talking, that I discovered Peeta was with them. Until I work out exactly how I want to play that, Id better at least act on top of things. Not perplexed. Certainly not confused or frightened. No, I need to look one step ahead of the game. So as I slide out of the foliage and into the dawn light, I pause a second, giving the cameras time to lock on me. Then I cock my head slightly to the side and give a knowing smile. There! Let them figure out

what that means! Im about to take off when I think of my snares. Maybe its imprudent to check them with the others so close. But have to. Too many years of hunting, I guess. And the lure of possible meat. Im rewarded with one fine rabbit. In no time, Ive cleaned and gutted the animal, leaving the head, feet, tail, skin, and innards, under a pile of leaves. Im wishing for a fire eating raw rabbit can give you rabbit fever, a lesson I learned the hard way when I think of the dead tribute. I hurry

back to her camp. Sure enough, the coals of her dying fire are still hot. I cut up the rabbit, fashion a spit out of branches, and set it over the coals. Im glad for the cameras now. I want sponsors to see I can hunt, that Im a good bet because I wont be lured into traps as easily as the others will by hunger. While the rabbit cooks, I grind up part of a charred branch and set about camouflaging my orange pack. The black tones it down, but I feel a layer of mud would definitely help. Of course, to have mud, Id need water . . . I pull on my gear, grab my spit, kick some dirt over the coals, and take off in the opposite direction the Careers went. I eat half the rabbit as I go, then wrap up the leftovers in my plastic for later. The meat stops the grumbling in my stomach but does little to quench my thirst. Water is my top priority now. As I hike along, I feel certain Im still holding the screen in the Capitol, so Im careful to continue to hide my emotions. But what a good time Claudius Templesmith must be having with his guest commentators, dissecting Peetas behavior, my reaction. What to make of it all? Has Peeta revealed his true colors? How does this affect the betting odds? Will we lose sponsors? Do we even have sponsors? Yes, I feel certain we do, or at least did. Certainly Peeta has thrown a wrench into our star-crossed lover

dynamic. Or has he? Maybe, since he hasnt spoken much about me, we can still get some mileage out of it. Maybe people will think its something we plotted together if I seem like it amuses me now. The sun rises in the sky and even through the canopy it seems overly bright. I coat my lips in some grease from the rabbit and try to keep from panting, but its no use. Its only been a day and Im dehydrating fast. I try and think of everything I know about finding water. It runs downhill, so, in fact, continuing down into this valley isnt a bad thing. If I could just locate a game trail or spot a particularly green patch of vegetation, these might help me along, but nothing seems to change. Theres just the slight gradual slope, the birds, the sameness to the trees. As the day wears on, I know Im headed for trouble. What little urine Ive been able to pass is a dark brown, my head is aching, and theres a dry patch on my tongue that refuses to moisten. The sun hurts my eyes so I dig out my sunglasses, but when I put them on they do something funny to my vision, so I just stuff them back in my pack. Its late afternoon when I think Ive found

help. I spot a cluster of berry bushes and hurry to strip the fruit, to suck the

sweet juices from the skins. But just as Im holding them to my lips, I get a hard look at them. What I thought were blueberries have a slightly different shape, and when I break one open the insides are bloodred. I dont recognize these berries, perhaps they are edible, but Im guessing this is some evil trick on the part of the Gamemakers. Even the plant instructor in the Training Center made a point of telling us to avoid berries unless you were 100 percent sure they werent toxic. Something I already knew, but Im so thirsty it takes her reminder to give me the strength to fling them away. Fatigue is beginning to settle on me, but its not the usual tiredness that follows a long hike. I have to stop and rest frequently, although I know the only cure for what ails me requires continued searching. I try a new tactic climbing a tree as high as I dare in my shaky state to look for any signs of water. But as far as I can see in any direction, theres the same unrelenting stretch of forest. Determined to go on until nightfall, I walk until Im stumbling over my own feet. Exhausted, I haul myself up into a tree and belt myself in. Ive no appetite, but I suck on a rabbit bone just to give my mouth something to do. Night falls, the anthem plays, and high in the sky I see the picture of the girl, who was apparently from District 8. The one Peeta went

back to finish off. My fear of the Career pack is minor compared to my burning thirst. Besides, they were heading away from me and by now they, too, will have to rest. With the scarcity of water, they may even have had to return to the lake for refills. Maybe, that is the only course for me as well. Morning brings distress. My heads throbs with every beat of my heart. Simple movements send stabs of pain through my joints. I fall, rather than jump from the tree. It takes several minutes for me to assemble my gear. Somewhere inside me, I know this is wrong. I should be acting with more caution, moving with more urgency. But my mind seems foggy and forming a plan is hard. I lean back against the trunk of my tree, one finger gingerly stroking the sandpaper surface of my tongue, as I assess my options. How can I get water? Return to the lake. No good. Id never make it. Hope for rain. Theres not a cloud in the sky. Keep looking. Yes, this is my only chance. But then, another thought hits me, and the surge of anger that follows brings me to me senses. Haymitch! He could send me water! Press a button and have it delivered to me in a silver parachute in minutes. I know I must have sponsors, at least one or two who could afford a pint of liquid for me. Yes, its pricey, but these people, theyre made of money. And theyll

be betting on me as well. Perhaps Haymitch doesnt realize how deep my need is. I say in a voice as loud as I dare. Water. I wait, hopefully, for a parachute to descend from the sky. But nothing is forthcoming. Something is wrong.

Am I deluded about having sponsors? Or has Peetas behavior made them all hang back? No, I dont believe it. Theres someone out there who wants to buy me water only Haymitch is refusing to let it go through. As my mentor, he gets to control the flow of gifts from the sponsors. I know he hates me. Hes made that clear enough. But enough to let me die? From this? He cant do that, can he? If a mentor mistreats his tributes, hell be held accountable by the viewers, by the people back in District 12. Even Haymitch wouldnt risk that, would he? Say what you will about my fellow traders in the Hob, but I dont think theyd welcome him back there if he let me die this way. And then where would he get his liquor? So . . . What? Is he trying to make me suffer for defying him? Is he directing all the sponsors toward Peeta? Is he just too drunk to even notice whats going on at the moment? Somehow I dont believe that and I dont believe hes trying to kill me off by neglect, either. He has, in fact, in his own unpleasant way, genuinely been trying to prepare me for this. Then what is going on? I bury my face in my hands. Theres no danger of tears now, I couldnt produce one to save my life. What is Haymitch doing? Despite my anger, hatred, and suspicions, a small voice in the back of my head whispers an answer. Maybe hes sending you a message, it says. A message. Saying what? Then I know. Theres only one good reason Haymitch could be withholding water from me. Because he knows Ive almost found it. I grit my teeth and pull myself to my feet. My backpack seems to have tripled in weight. I find a broken branch that will do for a walking stick and I start off. The suns beating down, even more searing than the first two days. I feel like an old piece of leather, drying and cracking in the heat. Every step is an effort, but I refuse to stop. I refuse to sit down. If I sit, theres a good chance I wont be able to get up again, that I wont even remember my task. What easy prey I am! Any tribute, even tiny Rue, could take me right now, merely shove me over and kill me with my own knife, and Id have little strength to resist. But if anyone is in my part of the woods, they ignore me. The truth is, I feel a million miles from another living soul. Not alone though. No, theyve surely got a camera tracking me now. I think back to

the years of watching tributes starve, freeze, bleed, and dehydrate to death. Unless theres a really good fight going on somewhere, Im being featured. My thoughts turn to Prim. Its likely she wont be watching me live, but theyll show updates at the school during lunch. For her sake, I try to look as least desperate as I can. But by afternoon, I know the end is coming. My legs are shaking and my heart too quick. I keep forgetting, exactly what Im doing. Ive stumbled repeatedly and managed to regain my feet, but when the stick slides out from under me, I finally tumble to the ground unable to get up. I let my eyes close. I have misjudged Haymitch. He has no

intention of helping me at all. This is all right, I think. This is not so bad here. The air is less hot, signifying evenings approach. Theres a slight, sweet scent that reminds me of lilies. My fingers stroke the smooth ground, sliding easily across the top. This is an okay place to die, I think. My fingertips make small swirling patterns in the cool, slippery earth. I love mud, I think. How many times Ive tracked game with the help of its soft, readable surface. Good for bee stings, too. Mud. Mud. Mud! My eyes fly open and I dig my fingers into the earth. It is mud! My nose lifts in the air. And those are lilies! Pond lilies! I crawl now, through the mud, dragging myself toward the scent. Five yards from where I fell, I crawl through a tangle of plants into a pond. Floating on the top, yellow flowers in bloom, are my beautiful lilies. Its all I can do not to plunge my face into the water and gulp down as much as I can hold. But I have just enough sense left to abstain. With trembling hands, I get out my flask and fill it with water. I add what I remember to be the right number of drops of iodine for purifying it. The half an hour of waiting is agony, but I do it. At least, I think its a half an hour, but its certainly as long as I can stand. Slowly, easy now, I tell myself. I take one swallow and make myself wait. Then another. Over the next couple of hours, I drink the entire half gallon. Then a second. I prepare another before I retire to a tree where I continue sipping, eating rabbit, and even indulge in one of my precious crackers. By the time the anthem plays, I feel remarkably better. There are no faces tonight, no tributes died today. Tomorrow Ill stay here, resting, camouflaging my backpack with mud, catching some of those little fish I saw as I sipped, digging up the roots of the pond lilies to make a nice meal. I snuggle down in my sleeping bag, hanging on to my water bottle for dear life, which, of course, it is. A few hours later,

the stampede of feet shakes me from slumber. I look around in bewilderment. Its not yet dawn, but my stinging eyes can see it. It would be hard to miss the wall of fire descending on me.

13.

My first impulse is to scramble from the tree, but Im belted in. Somehow my fumbling fingers release the buckle and I fall to the ground in a heap, still snarled in my sleeping bag. Theres no time for any kind of packing. Fortunately, my backpack and water bottle are already in the bag. I shove in the belt, hoist the bag over my shoulder, and flee. The world has transformed to flame and smoke. Burning branches crack from trees and fall in showers of sparks at my feet. All I can do is follow the others, the rabbits and deer and I even spot a wild dog pack shooting through the woods. I trust their sense of direction because their instincts are sharper than mine. But they are much faster, flying through the underbrush so gracefully as my boots catch on roots and fallen tree limbs, that theres no way I can keep apace with them. The heat is horrible, but worse than the heat is the smoke, which threatens to suffocate me at any moment. I pull the top of my shirt up over my nose, grateful to find it soaked in sweat, and it offers a thin veil of protection. And I run, choking, my bag banging against my back, my face cut with branches that materialize from the gray haze without warning, because I know I am supposed to run. This was no tributes campfire gone out of control, no accidental occurrence. The flames that bear down on me have an unnatural height, a uniformity that marks them as human-made, machine-made, Gamemaker-made. Things have been too quiet today. No deaths, perhaps no fights at all. The audience in the Capitol will be getting bored, claiming that these Games are verging on dullness. This is the one thing the Games must not do. Its not hard to follow the Gamemakers motivation. There is the Career pack and then there are the rest of us, probably spread far and thin across the arena. This fire is designed to flush us out, to drive us together. It may not be the most original device Ive seen, but its very, very effective. I hurdle over a burning log. Not high enough. The tail end of my jacket catches on fire and I have to stop to rip it from my body and stamp out the flames. But I dont dare leave the jacket, scorched and

smoldering as it is, I take the risk of shoving it in my sleeping bag, hoping the lack of air will quell what I havent extinguished. This is all I have, what I carry on my back, and its little enough to survive with. In a matter of minutes, my throat and nose are burning. The coughing begins soon after and my lungs begin to feel as if they are actually being cooked. Discomfort turns to distress until each breath sends a searing pain through my chest. I manage to take cover under a stone outcropping just as the vomiting begins, and I lose my meager supper and whatever water has remained in my stomach. Crouching on my hands and knees, I retch until theres nothing left to come up. I know I need to keep moving, but Im trembling and light-headed now, gasping for air. I allow myself about a spoonful of water to rinse my mouth and spit then take a few swallows from my bottle. You get one minute, I tell myself. One minute to rest. I take the time to reorder my supplies, wad up the sleeping bag, and messily stuff everything into the backpack. My minutes up. I know its time to move on, but the smoke has clouded my thoughts. The swift-footed animals that were my compass have left me behind. I know I havent been in this part of the woods before, there were no sizable rocks like the one Im sheltering against on my earlier travels.

Where are the Gamemakers driving me? Back to the lake? To a whole new terrain filled with new dangers? I had just found a few hours of peace at the pond when this attack began. Would there be any way I could travel parallel to the fire and work my way back there, to a source of water at least? The wall of fire must have an

end and it wont burn indefinitely. Not because the Gamemakers couldnt keep it fueled but because, again, that would invite accusations of boredom from the audience. If I could get back behind the fire line, I could avoid meeting up with the Careers. Ive just decided to try and loop back around, although it will require miles of travel away from the inferno and then a very circuitous route back, when the first fireball blasts into the rock about two feet from my head. I spring out from under my ledge, energized by renewed fear. The game has taken a twist. The fire was just to get us moving, now the audience will get to see some real fun. When I hear the next hiss, I flatten on the ground, not taking time to look. The fireball hits a tree off to my left, engulfing it in flames. To remain still is death. Im barely on my feet before the third ball hits the ground where I was lying, sending a pillar of fire up behind me. Time

loses meaning now as I frantically try to dodge the attacks. I cant see where theyre being launched from, but its not a hovercraft. The angles are not extreme enough. Probably this whole segment of the woods has been armed with precision launchers that are concealed in trees or rocks. Somewhere, in a cool and spotless room, a Gamemaker sits at a set of controls, fingers on the triggers that could end my life in a second. All that is needed is a direct hit. Whatever vague plan I had conceived regarding returning to my pond is wiped from my mind as I zigzag and dive and leap to avoid the fireballs. Each one is only the size of an apple, but packs tremendous power on contact. Every sense I have goes into overdrive as the need to survive takes over. Theres no time to judge if a move is the correct one. When theres a hiss, I act or die. Something keeps me moving forward, though. A lifetime of watching the Hunger Games lets me know that certain areas of the arena are rigged for certain attacks. And that if I can just get away from this section, I might be able to move out of reach of the launchers. I might also then fall straight into a pit of vipers, but I cant worry about that now. How long I scramble along dodging the fireballs I cant say, but the attacks finally begin to abate. Which is good, because Im retching

again. This time its an acidic substance that scalds my throat and makes its way into my nose as well. Im forced to stop as my body convulses, trying desperately to rid itself of the poisons Ive been sucking in during the attack. I wait for the next hiss, the next signal to bolt. It doesnt come. The force of the retching has squeezed tears out of my stinging eyes. My clothes are drenched in sweat. Somehow, through the smoke and vomit, I pick up the scent of singed hair. My hand fumbles to my braid and finds a fireball has seared off at least six inches of it. Strands of blackened hair crumble in my fingers. I stare at them, fascinated by the transformation, when the hissing registers. My muscles react, only not fast enough

this time. The fireball crashes into the ground at my side, but not before it skids across my right calf. Seeing my pants leg on fire sends me over the edge. I twist and scuttle backward on my hands and feet, shrieking, trying to remove myself from the horror. When I finally regain enough sense, I roll the leg back and forth on the ground, which stifles the worst of it. But then, without thinking, I rip away the remaining fabric with my bare hands. I sit on the ground, a few yards from the blaze

set off by the fireball. My calf is screaming, my hands covered in red welts. Im shaking too hard to move. If the Gamemakers want to finish me off, now is the time. I hear Cinnas voice, carrying images of rich fabric and sparkling gems. Katniss, the girl who was on fire. What a good laugh the Gamemakers must be having over that one. Perhaps, Cinnas beautiful costumes have even brought on this particular torture for me. I know he couldnt have foreseen this, must be hurting for me because, in fact, I believe he cares about me. But all in all, maybe showing up stark naked in that chariot would have been safer for me. The attack is now over. The Gamemakers dont want me dead. Not yet anyway. Everyone knows they could destroy us all within seconds of the opening gong. The real sport of the Hunger Games is watching the tributes kill one another. Every so often, they do kill a tribute just to remind the players they can. But mostly, they manipulate us into confronting one another face-to-face. Which means, if I am no longer being fired at, there is at least one other tribute close at hand. I would drag myself into a tree and take cover now if I could, but the smoke is still thick enough to kill me. I make myself stand and begin to limp away from the wall of flames that lights up the sky. It does not seem to be pursuing me any longer, except

with its stinking black clouds. Another light, daylight, begins to softly emerge. Swirls of smoke catch the sunbeams. My visibility is poor. I can see maybe fifteen yards in any direction. A tribute could easily be concealed from me here. I should draw my knife as a precaution, but I doubt my ability to hold it for long. The pain in my hands can in no way compete with that in my calf. I hate burns, have always hated them, even a small one gotten from pulling a pan of bread from the oven. It is the worst kind of pain to me, but I have never experienced anything like this. Im so weary I dont even notice Im in the pool until Im ankle-deep. Its spring-fed, bubbling up out of a crevice in some rocks, and blissfully cool. I plunge my hands into the shallow water and feel instant relief. Isnt that what my mother always says? The first treatment for a burn is cold water? That it draws out the heat? But she means minor burns. Probably shed recommend it for my hands. But what of my calf? Although I have not yet had the courage to examine it, Im guessing that its an injury in a whole different class. I lie on my stomach at edge of the

pool for a while, dangling my hands in the water, examining the little flames on

my fingernails that are beginning to chip off. Good. Ive had enough fire for a lifetime. I bathe the blood and ash from my face. I try to recall all I know about burns. They are common injuries in the Seam where we cook and heat our homes with coal. Then there are the mine accidents. . . . A family once brought in an unconscious young man pleading with my mother to help him. The district doctor whos responsible for treating the miners had written him off, told the family to take him home to die. But they wouldnt accept this. He lay on our kitchen table, senseless to the world. I got a glimpse of the wound on his thigh, gaping, charred flesh, burned clear down to the bone, before I ran from the house. I went to the woods and hunted the entire day, haunted by the gruesome leg, memories of my fathers death. Whats funny was, Prim, whos scared of her own shadow, stayed and helped. My mother says healers are born, not made. They did their best, but the man died, just like the doctor said he would. My leg is in need of attention, but I still cant look at it. What if its as bad as the mans and I can see my bone? Then I remember my mother saying that if a burns severe, the victim might not even feel pain because the nerves would be destroyed. Encouraged by this, I sit up and swing my leg in front of me. I almost faint

at the sight of my calf. The flesh is a brilliant red covered with blisters. I force myself to take deep, slow breaths, feeling quite certain the cameras are on my face. I cant show weakness at this injury. Not if I want help. Pity does not get you aid. Admiration at your refusal to give in does. I cut the remains of the pant leg off at the knee and examine the injury more closely. The burned area is about the size of my hand. None of the skin is blackened. I think its not too bad to soak. Gingerly I stretch out my leg into the pool, propping the heel of my boot on a rock so the leather doesnt get too sodden, and sigh, because this does offer some relief. I know there are herbs, if I could find them, that would speed the healing, but I cant quite call them to mind. Water and time will probably be all I have to work with. Should I be moving on? The smoke is slowly clearing but still too heavy to be healthy. If I do continue away from the fire, wont I be walking straight into the weapons of the Careers? Besides, every time I lift my leg from the water, the pain rebounds so intensely I have to slide it back in. My hands are slightly less demanding. They can handle small breaks from the pool. So I slowly put my gear back in order. First I fill my bottle with the pool water, treat it, and when enough time has passed, begin to rehydrate my body. After a time,

I force myself to nibble on a cracker, which helps settle my stomach. I roll up my sleeping bag. Except for a few black marks, its relatively unscathed. My jackets another matter. Stinking and scorched, at least

a foot of the back beyond repair. I cut off the damaged area leaving me with a garment that comes just to the bottom of my ribs. But the hoods intact and its far better than nothing. Despite the pain, drowsiness begins to take over. Id take to a tree and try to rest, except Id be too easy to spot. Besides, abandoning my pool seems impossible. I neatly arrange my supplies, even settle my pack on my shoulders, but I cant seem to leave. I spot some water plants with edible roots and make a small meal with my last piece of rabbit. Sip water. Watch the sun make its slow arc across the sky. Where would I go anyway that is any safer than here? I lean back on my pack, overcome by drowsiness. If the Careers want me, let them find me, I think before drifting into a stupor. Let them find me. And find me, they do. Its lucky Im ready to move on because when I hear the feet, I have less than a minute head start. Evening has begun to fall. The moment I awake, Im up and running, splashing across the pool,

flying into the underbrush. My leg slows me down, but I sense my pursuers are not as speedy as they were before the fire, either. I hear their coughs, their raspy voices calling to one another. Still, they are closing in, just like a pack of wild dogs, and so I do what I have done my whole life in such circumstances. I pick a high tree and begin to climb. If running hurt, climbing is agonizing because it requires not only exertion but direct contact of my hands on the tree bark. Im fast, though, and by the time theyve reached the base of my trunk, Im twenty feet up. For a moment, we stop and survey one another. I hope they cant hear the pounding of my heart. This could be it, I think. What chance do I have against them? All six are there, the five Careers and Peeta, and my only consolation is theyre pretty beat-up, too. Even so, look at their weapons. Look at their faces, grinning and snarling at me, a sure kill above them. It seems pretty hopeless. But then something else registers. Theyre bigger and stronger than I am, no doubt, but theyre also heavier. Theres a reason its me and not Gale who ventures up to pluck the highest fruit, or rob the most remote bird nests. I must weigh at least fifty or sixty pounds less than the smallest Career. Now I smile. Hows everything with you? I call down cheerfully. This takes them aback, but I know

the crowd will love it. Well enough, says the boy from District 2. Yourself? Its been a bit warm for my taste, I say. I can almost hear the laughter from the Capitol. The airs better up here. Why dont you come on up? Think I will, says the same boy. Here, take this, Cato, says the girl from District 1, and she offers him the silver bow and sheath of arrows. My bow! My arrows! Just the sight of them makes me so angry I want to scream, at myself, at that traitor Peeta for distracting me from having them. I try to make eye contact with him now, but he seems to be intentionally avoiding my gaze as he polishes his knife with the edge

of his shirt. No, says Cato, pushing away the bow. Ill do better with my sword. I can see the weapon, a short, heavy blade at his belt. I give Cato time to hoist himself into the tree before I begin to climb again. Gale always says I remind him of a squirrel the way I can scurry up even the slenderest limb. Part of its my weight, but part of its practice. You have to know where to place your hands and feet. Im another thirty feet in the air when I hear the crack and look down to see Cato flailing as he and a branch go down. He hits the ground hard and Im hoping he possibly broke his neck

when he gets back to his feet, swearing like a fiend. The girl with the arrows, Glimmer I hear someone call her ugh, the names the people in District 1 give their children are so ridiculous anyway Glimmer scales the tree until the branches begin to crack under her feet and then has the good sense to stop. Im at least eighty feet high now. She tries to shoot me and its immediately evident that shes incompetent with a bow. One of the arrows gets lodged in the tree near me though and Im able to seize it. I wave it teasingly above her head, as if this was the sole purpose of retrieving it, when actually I mean to use it if I ever get the chance. I could kill them, everyone of them, if those silver weapons were in my hands. The Careers regroup on the ground and I can hear them growling conspiratorially among themselves, furious I have made them look foolish. But twilight has arrived and their window of attack on me is closing. Finally, I hear Peeta say harshly, Oh, let her stay up there. Its not like shes going anywhere. Well deal with her in the morning. Well, hes right about one thing. Im going nowhere. All the relief from the pool water has gone, leaving me to feel the full potency of my burns. I scoot down to a fork in the tree and clumsily prepare for bed. Put on my jacket. Lay out my sleeping bed. Belt myself in and try to keep from

moaning. The heat of the bags too much for my leg. I cut a slash in the fabric and hang my calf out in the open air. I drizzle water on the wound, my hands. All my bravado is gone. Im weak from pain and hunger but cant bring myself to eat. Even if I can last the night, what will the morning bring? I stare into the foliage trying to will myself to rest, but the burns forbid it. Birds are settling down for the night, singing lullabies to their young. Night creatures emerge. An owl hoots. The faint scent of a skunk cuts through the smoke. The eyes of some animal peer at me from the neighboring tree a possum maybe catching the firelight from the Careers torches. Suddenly, Im up on one elbow. Those are no possums eyes, I know their glassy reflection too well. In fact, those are not animal eyes at all. In the last dim rays of light, I make her out, watching me silently from between the branches. Rue. How long has she been here? The whole time probably. Still and unobserved as the action unfolded beneath her. Perhaps she headed up her tree

shortly before I did, hearing the pack was so close. For a while we hold each others gaze. Then, without even rustling a leaf, her little hand slides into the open and

points to something above my head.

14.

My eyes follow the line of her finger up into the foliage above me. At first, I have no idea what shes pointing to, but then, about fifteen feet up, I make out the vague shape in the dimming light. But of . . . Of what? Some sort of animal? It looks about the size of a raccoon, but it hangs from the bottom of a branch, swaying ever so slightly. Theres something else. Among the familiar evening sounds of the woods, my ears register a low hum. Then I know. Its a wasp nest. Fear shoots through me, but I have enough sense to keep still. After all, I dont know what kind of wasp lives there. It could be the ordinary leave-us-alone-and-well-leave-you-alone type. But these are the Hunger Games, and ordinary isnt the norm. More likely they will be one of the Capitols muttations, tracker jackers. Like the jabberjays, these killer wasps were spawned in a lab and strategically placed, like land mines, around the districts during the war. Larger than regular wasps, they have a distinctive solid gold body and a

sting that raises a lump the size of a plum on contact. Most people cant tolerate more than a few stings. Some die at once. If you live, the hallucinations brought on by the venom have actually driven people to madness. And theres another thing, these wasps will hunt down anyone who disturbs their nest and attempt to kill them. Thats where the tracker part of the name comes from. After the war, the Capitol destroyed all the nests surrounding their city, but the ones near the districts were left untouched. Another reminder of our weakness, I suppose, just like the Hunger Games. Another reason to keep inside the fence of District 12. When Gale and I come across a tracker jacker nest, we immediately head in the opposite direction. So is that what hangs above me? I look back to Rue for help, but shes melted into her tree. Given my circumstances, I guess it doesnt matter what type of wasp nest it is. Im wounded and trapped. Darkness has given me a brief reprieve, but by the time the sun rises, the Careers will have formulated a plan to kill me. Theres no way they could do otherwise after Ive made them look so stupid. That nest may be the sole option I have left. If I can drop it down on them, I may be able to escape. But Ill risk my life in the process. Of course, Ill never be able to get in close enough to the actual nest to

cut it free. Ill have to saw off the branch at the trunk and send the whole thing down. The serrated portion of my knife should be able to manage that. But can my hands? And will the vibration from the sawing raise the swarm? And what if the Careers figure out what Im doing and move their camp? That would defeat the whole purpose. I realize that the best chance Ill have to do the sawing without drawing notice will be during the

anthem. That could begin any time. I drag myself out of my bag, make sure my knife is secured in my belt, and begin to make my way up the tree. This in itself is dangerous since the branches are becoming precariously thin even for me, but I persevere. When I reach the limb that supports the nest, the humming becomes more distinctive. But its still oddly subdued if these are tracker jackers. Its the smoke, I think. Its sedated them. This was the one defense the rebels found to battle the wasps. The seal of the Capitol shines above me and the anthem blares out. Its now or never, I think, and begin to saw. Blisters burst on my right hand as I awkwardly drag the knife back and forth. Once Ive got a groove, the work requires less effort but is almost

more than I can handle. I grit my teeth and saw away occasionally glancing at the sky to register that there were no deaths today. Thats all right. The audience will be sated seeing me injured and treed and the pack below me. But the anthems running out and Im only three quarters of the way through the wood when the music ends, the sky goes dark, and Im forced to stop. Now what? I could probably finish off the job by sense of feel but that may not be the smartest plan. If the wasps are too groggy, if the nest catches on its way down, if I try to escape, this could all be a deadly waste of time. Better, I think, to sneak up here at dawn and send the nest into my enemies. In the faint light of the Careers torches, I inch back down to my fork to find the best surprise Ive ever had. Sitting on my sleeping bag is a small plastic pot attached to a silver parachute. My first gift from a sponsor! Haymitch must have had it sent in during the anthem. The pot easily fits in the palm of my hand. What can it be? Not food surely. I unscrew the lid and I know by the scent that its medicine. Cautiously, I probe the surface of the ointment. The throbbing in my fingertip vanishes. Oh, Haymitch, I whisper. Thank you. He has not abandoned me. Not left me to fend entirely for myself. The cost of this medicine must be astronomical. Probably

not one but many sponsors have contributed to buy this one tiny pot. To me, it is priceless. I dip two fingers in the jar and gently spread the balm over my calf. The effect is almost magical, erasing the pain on contact, leaving a pleasant cooling sensation behind. This is no herbal concoction that my mother grinds up out of woodland plants, its high-tech medicine brewed up in the Capitols labs. When my calf is treated, I rub a thin layer into my hands. After wrapping the pot in the parachute, I nestle it safely away in my pack. Now that the pain has eased, its all I can do to reposition myself in my bag before I plunge into sleep. A bird perched just a few feet from me alerts me that a new day is dawning. In the gray morning light, I examine my hands. The medicine has transformed all the angry red patches to a soft baby-skin pink. My leg still feels inflamed, but that burn was far deeper.

I apply another coat of medicine and quietly pack up my gear. Whatever happens, Im going to have to move and move fast. I also make myself eat a cracker and a strip of beef and drink a few cups of water. Almost nothing stayed in my stomach yesterday, and Im already starting to feel the effects of hunger. Below me, I

can see the Career pack and Peeta asleep on the ground. By her position, leaning up against the trunk of the tree, Id guess Glimmer was supposed to be on guard, but fatigue overcame her. My eyes squint as they try to penetrate the tree next to me, but I cant make out Rue. Since she tipped me off, it only seems fair to warn her. Besides, if Im going to die today, its Rue I want to win. Even if it means a little extra food for my family, the idea of Peeta being crowned victor is unbearable. I call Rues name in a hushed whisper and the eyes appear, wide and alert, at once. She points up to the nest again. I hold up my knife and make a sawing motion. She nods and disappears. Theres a rustling in a nearby tree. Then the same noise again a bit farther off. I realize shes leaping from tree to tree. Its all I can do not to laugh out loud. Is this what she showed the Gamemakers? I imagine her flying around the training equipment never touching the floor. She should have gotten at least a ten. Rosy streaks are breaking through in the east. I cant afford to wait any longer. Compared to the agony of last nights climb, this one is a cinch. At the tree limb that holds the nest, I position the knife in the groove and Im about to draw the teeth across the wood when I see something moving. There, on the nest. The bright gold

gleam of a tracker jacker lazily making its way across the papery gray surface. No question, its acting a little subdued, but the wasp is up and moving and that means the others will be out soon as well. Sweat breaks out on the palms of my hands, beading up through the ointment, and I do my best to pat them dry on my shirt. If I dont get through this branch in a matter of seconds, the entire swarm could emerge and attack me. Theres no sense in putting it off. I take a deep breath, grip the knife handle and bear down as hard as I can. Back, forth, back, forth! The tracker jackers begin to buzz and I hear them coming out. Back, forth, back, forth! A stabbing pain shoots through my knee and I know one has found me and the others will be honing in. Back, forth, back, forth. And just as the knife cuts through, I shove the end of the branch as far away from me as I can. It crashes down through the lower branches, snagging temporarily on a few but then twisting free until it smashes with a thud on the ground. The nest bursts open like an egg, and a furious swarm of tracker jackers takes to the air. I feel a second sting on the cheek, a third on my neck, and their venom almost immediately makes me woozy. I cling to the tree with one arm while I rip the barbed stingers out of my flesh. Fortunately, only these three tracker jackers had

identified me before the nest went down. The rest of the insects have targeted their enemies on the ground. Its mayhem. The Careers have woken to a full-scale tracker jacker attack. Peeta and a few others have the sense to drop everything and bolt. I can hear cries of To the lake! To the lake! and know they hope to evade the wasps by taking to the water. It must be close if they think they can outdistance the furious insects. Glimmer and another girl, the one from District 4, are not so lucky. They receive multiple stings before theyre even out of my view. Glimmer appears to go completely mad, shrieking and trying to bat the wasps off with her bow, which is pointless. She calls to the others for help but, of course, no one returns. The girl from District 4 staggers out of sight, although I wouldnt bet on her making it to the lake. I watch Glimmer fall, twitch hysterically around on the ground for a few minutes, and then go still. The nest is nothing but an empty shell. The wasps have vanished in pursuit of the others. I dont think theyll return, but I dont want to risk it. I scamper down the tree and hit the ground running in the opposite direction of the lake. The poison from the stingers makes me wobbly, but I find my way back to my own little pool and submerge myself in the water, just in case any wasps are still on my trail.

After about five minutes, I drag myself onto the rocks. People have not exaggerated the effects of the tracker jacker stings. Actually, the one on my knee is closer to an orange than a plum in size. A foul-smelling green liquid oozes from the places where I pulled out the stingers. The swelling. The pain. The ooze. Watching Glimmer twitching to death on the ground. Its a lot to handle before the sun has even cleared the horizon. I dont want to think about what Glimmer must look like now. Her body disfigured. Her swollen fingers stiffening around the bow . . . The bow! Somewhere in my befuddled mind one thought connects to another and Im on my feet, teetering through the trees back to Glimmer. The bow. The arrows. I must get them. I havent heard the cannons fire yet, so perhaps Glimmer is in some sort of coma, her heart still struggling against the wasp venom. But once it stops and the cannon signals her death, a hovercraft will move in and retrieve her body, taking the only bow and sheath of arrows Ive seen out of the Games for good. And I refuse to let them slip through my fingers again! I reach Glimmer just as the cannon fires. The tracker jackers have vanished. This girl, so breathtakingly beautiful in her golden dress the night of the interviews, is unrecognizable. Her features eradicated, her

limbs three times their normal size. The stinger lumps have begun to explode, spewing putrid green liquid around her. I have to break several of what used to be her fingers with a stone to free the bow. The sheath of arrows is pinned under her back. I try to roll over her body by pulling on one arm, but the flesh disintegrates

in my hands and I fall back on the ground. Is this real? Or have the hallucinations begun? I squeeze my eyes tight and try to breathe through my mouth, ordering myself not to become sick. Breakfast must stay down, it might be days before I can hunt again. A second cannon fires and Im guessing the girl from District 4 has just died. I hear the birds fall silent and then one give the warning call, which means a hovercraft is about to appear. Confused, I think its for Glimmer, although this doesnt quite make sense because Im still in the picture, still fighting for the arrows. I lurch back onto my knees and the trees around me begin to spin in circles. In the middle of the sky, I spot the hovercraft. I throw myself over Glimmers body as if to protect it but then I see the girl from District 4 being lifted into the air and vanishing. Do this! I command myself. Clenching my jaw, I dig my hands under

Glimmers body, get a hold on what must be her rib cage, and force her onto her stomach. I cant help it, Im hyperventilating now, the whole thing is so nightmarish and Im losing my grasp on whats real. I tug on the silver sheath of arrows, but its caught on something, her shoulder blade, something, and finally yank it free. Ive just encircled the sheath with my arms when I hear the footsteps, several pairs, coming through the underbrush, and I realize the Careers have come back. Theyve come back to kill me or get their weapons or both. But its too late to run. I pull a slimy arrow from the sheath and try to position it on the bowstring but instead of one string I see three and the stench from the stings is so repulsive I cant do it. I cant do it. I cant do it. Im helpless as the first hunter crashes through the trees, spear lifted, poised to throw. The shock on Peetas face makes no sense to me. I wait for the blow. Instead his arm drops to his side. What are you still doing here? he hisses at me. I stare uncomprehendingly as a trickle of water drips off a sting under his ear. His whole body starts sparkling as if hes been dipped in dew. Are you mad? Hes prodding me with the shaft of the spear now. Get up! Get up! I rise, but hes still pushing at me. What? What is going on? He shoves me away from him hard. Run! he screams. Run!

Behind him, Cato slashes his way through the brush. Hes sparkling wet, too, and badly stung under one eye. I catch the gleam of sunlight on his sword and do as Peeta says. Holding tightly to my bow and arrows, banging into trees that appear out of nowhere, tripping and falling as I try to keep my balance. Back past my pool and into unfamiliar woods. The world begins to bend in alarming ways. A butterfly balloons to the size of a house then shatters into a million stars. Trees transform to blood and splash down over my boots. Ants begin to crawl out of the blisters on my hands and I cant shake them free. Theyre climbing up my arms, my neck. Someones screaming, a long high pitched scream that never breaks for breath. I have a vague idea

it might be me. I trip and fall into a small pit lined with tiny orange bubbles that hum like the tracker jacker nest. Tucking my knees up to my chin, I wait for death. Sick and disoriented, Im able to form only one thought: Peeta Mellark just saved my life. Then the ants bore into my eyes and I black out.

15. I enter a nightmare from which I wake repeatedly only to find a greater terror awaiting me. All the things I dread most, all the things I dread for others manifest in such vivid detail I cant help but believe theyre real. Each time I wake, I think, At last, this is over, but it isnt. Its only the beginning of a new chapter of torture. How many ways do I watch Prim die? Relive my fathers last moments? Feel my own body ripped apart? This is the nature of the tracker jacker venom, so carefully created to target the place where fear lives in your brain. When I finally do come to my senses, I lie still, waiting for the next onslaught of imagery. But eventually I accept that the poison must have finally worked its way out of my system, leaving my body wracked and feeble. Im still lying on my side, locked in the fetal position. I lift a hand to my eyes to find them sound, untouched by ants that never existed. Simply stretching out my limbs requires an enormous effort. So many parts of me hurt, it doesnt seem worthwhile taking inventory of them. Very, very slowly I manage to sit up. Im in a shallow hole, not filled with the humming orange bubbles of my hallucination but with old, dead leaves. My clothings damp, but I dont know whether pond water, dew, rain, or sweat is the cause. For a long time, all I can do is take tiny sips from my bottle

and watch a beetle crawl up the side of a honeysuckle bush. How long have I been out? It was morning when I lost reason. Now its afternoon. But the stiffness in my joints suggests more than a day has passed, even two possibly. If so, Ill have no way of knowing which tributes survived that tracker jacker attack. Not Glimmer or the girl from District 4. But there was the boy from District 1, both tributes from District 2, and Peeta. Did they die from the stings? Certainly if they lived, their last days must have been as horrid as my own. And what about Rue? Shes so small, it wouldnt take much venom to do her in. But then again . . . The tracker jackers wouldve had to catch her, and she had a good head start. A foul, rotten taste pervades my mouth, and the water has little effect on it. I drag myself over to the honeysuckle bush and pluck a flower. I gently pull the stamen through the blossom and set the drop of nectar on my tongue. The sweetness spreads through my mouth, down my throat, warming my veins with memories of summer, and my home woods and Gales presence beside me. For some reason, our discussion from that last morning comes back to me. We could do it, you know. What? Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it. And suddenly, Im not thinking of

Gale but of Peeta and . . .

Peeta! He saved my life! I think. Because by the time we met up, I couldnt tell what was real and what the tracker jacker venom had caused me to imagine. But if he did, and my instincts tell me he did, what for? Is he simply working the Lover Boy angle he initiated at the interview? Or was he actually trying to protect me? And if he was, what was he doing with those Careers in the first place? None of it makes sense. I wonder what Gale made of the incident for a moment and then I push the whole thing out of my mind because for some reason Gale and Peeta do not coexist well together in my thoughts. So I focus on the one really good thing thats happened since I landed in the arena. I have a bow and arrows! A full dozen arrows if you count the one I retrieved in the tree. They bear no trace of the noxious green slime that came from Glimmers body which leads me to believe that might not have been wholly real but they have a fair amount of dried blood on them. I can clean them later, but I do take a minute to shoot a few into a nearby tree. They are more like the weapons in the Training Center than my ones at home, but who cares? That I can work with. The

weapons give me an entirely new perspective on the Games. I know I have tough opponents left to face. But I am no longer merely prey that runs and hides or takes desperate measures. If Cato broke through the trees right now, I wouldnt flee, Id shoot. I find Im actually anticipating the moment with pleasure. But first, I have to get some strength back in my body. Im very dehydrated again and my water supply is dangerously low. The little padding I was able to put on by gorging myself during prep time in the Capitol is gone, plus several more pounds as well. My hip bones and ribs are more prominent than I remember them being since those awful months after my fathers death. And then there are my wounds to contend with burns, cuts, and bruises from smashing into the trees, and three tracker jacker stings, which are as sore and swollen as ever. I treat my burns with the ointment and try dabbing a bit on my stings as well, but it has no effect on them. My mother knew a treatment for them, some type of leaf that could draw out the poison, but she seldom had cause to use it, and I dont even remember its name let alone its appearance. Water first, I think. You can hunt along the way now. Its easy to see the direction I came from by the path of destruction my crazed body made through the foliage. So I walk off in the other

direction, hoping my enemies still lie locked in the surreal world of tracker jacker venom. I cant move too quickly, my joints reject any abrupt motions. But I establish the slow hunters tread I use when tracking game. Within a few minutes, I spot a rabbit and make my first kill with the bow and arrow. Its not my usual clean shot through the eye, but Ill take it. After about an hour, I find a stream, shallow but wide, and more than sufficient for my needs. The suns hot and severe, so while I

wait for my water to purify I strip down to my underclothes and wade into the mild current. Im filthy from head to toe, I try splashing myself but eventually just lay down in the water for a few minutes, letting it wash off the soot and blood and skin that has started to peel off my burns. After rinsing out my clothes and hanging them on bushes to dry, I sit on the bank in the sun for a bit, untangling my hair with my fingers. My appetite returns and I eat a cracker and a strip of beef. With a handful of moss, I polish the blood from my silver weapons. Refreshed, I treat my burns again, braid back my hair, and dress in the damp clothes, knowing the sun will dry them soon enough. Following the stream against its current seems the smartest course of

action. Im traveling uphill now, which I prefer, with a source of fresh water not only for myself but possible game. I easily take out a strange bird that must be some form of wild turkey. Anyway, it looks plenty edible to me. By late afternoon, I decide to build a small fire to cook the meat, betting that dusk will help conceal the smoke and I can quench the fire by nightfall. I clean the game, taking extra care with the bird, but theres nothing alarming about it. Once the feathers are plucked, its no bigger than a chicken, but its plump and firm. Ive just placed the first lot over the coals when I hear the twig snap. In one motion, I turn to the sound, bringing the bow and arrow to my shoulder. Theres no one there. No one I can see anyway. Then I spot the tip of a childs boot just peeking out from behind the trunk of a tree. My shoulders relax and I grin. She can move through the woods like a shadow, you have to give her that. How else could she have followed me? The words come out of my mouth before I can stop them. You know, theyre not the only ones who can form alliances, I say. For a moment, no response. Then one of Rues eyes edges around the trunk. You want me for an ally? Why not? You saved me with those tracker jackers. Youre smart enough to still be alive. And I cant seem to shake you anyway, I say. She blinks at me,

trying to decide. You hungry? I can see her swallow hard, her eye flickering to the meat. Come on then, Ive had two kills today. Rue tentatively steps out into the open. I can fix your stings. Can you? I ask. How? She digs in the pack she carries and pulls out a handful of leaves. Im almost certain theyre the ones my mother uses. Whered you find those? Just around. We all carry them when we work in the orchards. They left a lot of nests there, says Rue. There are a lot here, too. Thats right. Youre District Eleven. Agriculture, I say. Orchards, huh? That must be how you can fly around the trees like youve got wings. Rue smiles. Ive landed on one of the few things shell admit pride in. Well, come on, then. Fix me up. I plunk down by the fire and roll up my pant leg to reveal the sting on my knee. To my surprise, Rue places the handful of leaves into her mouth and begins to chew

them. My mother would use other methods, but its not like we have a lot of options. After a minute or so, Rue presses a gloppy green wad of chewed leaves and spit on my knee. Ohhh. The sound comes out of my mouth before I can stop it. Its as if the leaves are actually leaching the pain right out of the sting. Rue gives a giggle.

Lucky you had the sense to pull the stingers out or youd be a lot worse. Do my neck! Do my cheek! I almost beg. Rue stuffs another handful of leaves in her mouth, and soon Im laughing because the relief is so sweet. I notice a long burn on Rues forearm. Ive got something for that. I set aside my weapons and anoint her arm with the burn medicine. You have good sponsors, she says longingly. Have you gotten anything yet? I ask. She shakes her head. You will, though. Watch. The closer we get to the end, the more people will realize how clever you are. I turn the meat over. You werent joking, about wanting me for an ally? she asks. No, I meant it, I say. I can almost hear Haymitch groaning as I team up with this wispy child. But I want her. Because shes a survivor, and I trust her, and why not admit it? She reminds me of Prim. Okay, she says, and holds out her hand. We shake. Its a deal. Of course, this kind of deal can only be temporary, but neither of us mentions that. Rue contributes a big handful of some sort of starchy root to the meal. Roasted over the fire, they have the sharp sweet taste of a parsnip. She recognizes the bird, too, some wild thing they call a groosling in her district. She says sometimes a flock will wander into the orchard and they get a decent lunch that day. For a while, all conversation stops as

we fill our stomachs. The groosling has delicious meal thats so fatty, the grease drips down your face when you bite into it. Oh, says Rue with a sigh. Ive never had a whole leg to myself before. Ill bet she hasnt. Ill bet meat hardly ever comes her way. Take the other, I say. Really? she asks. Take whatever you want. Now that Ive got a bow and arrows, I can get more. Plus Ive got snares. I can show you how to set them, I say. Rue still looks uncertainly at the leg. Oh, take it, I say, putting the drumstick in her hands. It will only keep a few days anyway, and weve got the whole bird plus the rabbit. Once shes got hold of it, her appetite wins out and she takes a huge mouthful. Id have thought, in District Eleven, youd have a bit more to eat than us. You know, since you grow the food, I say. Rues eyes widen. Oh, no, were not allowed to eat the crops. They arrest you or something? I ask. They whip you and make everyone else watch, says Rue. The mayors very strict about it. I can tell by her expression that its not that uncommon an occurrence. A public whippings a rare thing in District 12, although occasionally one occurs. Technically, Gale and I could be whipped on a daily basis for poaching in the woods well, technically, we could get a whole lot worse except all the officials buy our meat. Besides, our


mayor, Madges father, doesnt seem to have much taste for such events. Maybe being the least prestigious, poorest, most ridiculed district in the country has its advantages. Such as, being largely ignored by the Capitol as long as we produce our coal quotas. Do you get all the coal you want? Rue asks. No, I answer. Just what we buy and whatever we track in on our boots. They feed us a bit extra during harvest, so that people can keep going longer, says Rue. Dont you have to be in school? I ask. Not during harvest. Everyone works then, says Rue. Its interesting, hearing about her life. We have so little communication with anyone outside our district. In fact, I wonder if the Gamemakers are blocking out our conversation, because even though the information seems harmless, they dont want people in different districts to know about one another. At Rues suggestion, we lay out all our food to plan ahead. Shes seen most of mine, but I add the last couple of crackers and beef strips to the pile. Shes gathered quite a collection of roots, nuts, greens, and even some berries. I roll an unfamiliar berry in my fingers. You sure this is safe? Oh, yes, we have them back home. Ive been eating them for days, she says, popping a handful in her mouth. I tentatively bite into one, and its as good as our blackberries. Taking Rue on as an ally

seems a better choice all the time. We divide up our food supplies, so in case were separated, well both be set for a few days. Apart from the food, Rue has a small water skin, a homemade slingshot, and an extra pair of socks. She also has a sharp shard of rock she uses as a knife. I know its not much, she says as if embarrassed, but I had to get away from the Cornucopia fast. You did just right, I say. When I spread out my gear, she gasps a little when she sees the sunglasses. How did you get those? she asks. In my pack. Theyve been useless so far. They dont block the sun and they make it harder to see, I say with a shrug. These arent for sun, theyre for darkness, exclaims Rue. Sometimes, when we harvest through the night, theyll pass out a few pairs to those of us highest in the trees. Where the torchlight doesnt reach. One time, this boy Martin, he tried to keep his pair. Hid it in his pants. They killed him on the spot. They killed a boy for taking these? I say. Yes, and everyone knew he was no danger. Martin wasnt right in the head. I mean, he still acted like a three-year-old. He just wanted the glasses to play with, says Rue. Hearing this makes me feel like District 12 is some sort of safe haven. Of course, people keel over from starvation all the time, but I cant imagine the Peacekeepers murdering a simpleminded child. Theres a little

girl, one of Greasy Saes grandkids, who wanders around the Hob. Shes not quite right, but shes treated as a sort of pet. People toss her scraps and things. So what do these do? I ask Rue, taking the glasses. They let you see in complete darkness, says Rue. Try them tonight when the sun goes

down. I give Rue some matches and she makes sure I have plenty of leaves in case my stings flare up again. We extinguish our fire and head upstream until its almost nightfall. Where do you sleep? I ask her. In the trees? She nods. In just your jacket? Rue holds up her extra pair of socks. I have these for my hands. I think of how cold the nights have been. You can share my sleeping bag if you want. Well both easily fit. Her face lights up. I can tell this is more than she dared hope for. We pick a fork high in a tree and settle in for the night just as the anthem begins to play. There were no deaths today. Rue, I only woke up today. How many nights did I miss? The anthem should block out our words, but still I whisper. I even take the precaution of covering my lips with my hand. I dont want the audience to know what Im planning to tell her about Peeta. Taking a cue from me, she does the same. Two, she says. The

girls from Districts One and Four are dead. Theres ten of us left. Something strange happened. At least, I think it did. It might have been the tracker jacker venom making me imagine things, I say. You know the boy from my district? Peeta? I think he saved my life. But he was with the Careers. Hes not with them now, she says. Ive spied on their base camp by the lake. They made it back before they collapsed from the stingers. But hes not there. Maybe he did save you and had to run. I dont answer. If, in fact, Peeta did save me, Im in his debt again. And this cant be paid back. If he did, it was all probably just part of his act. You know, to make people think hes in love with me. Oh, says Rue thoughtfully. I didnt think that was an act. Course it is, I say. He worked it out with our mentor. The anthem ends and the sky goes dark. Lets try out these glasses. I pull out the glasses and slip them on. Rue wasnt kidding. I can see everything from the leaves on the trees to a skunk strolling through the bushes a good fifty feet away. I could kill it from here if I had a mind to. I could kill anyone. I wonder who else got a pair of these, I say. The Careers have two pairs. But theyve got everything down by the lake, Rue says. And theyre so strong. Were strong, too, I say. Just in a different way. You are. You can shoot, she says. What can I do? You can feed

yourself. Can they? I ask. They dont need to. They have all those supplies, Rue says. Say they didnt. Say the supplies were gone. How long would they last? I say. I mean, its the Hunger Games, right? But, Katniss, theyre not hungry, says Rue. No, theyre not. Thats the problem, I agree. And for the first time, I have a plan. A plan that isnt motivated by the need for flight and evasion. An offensive plan. I think were going to have to fix that, Rue.

16.

Rue has decided to trust me wholeheartedly. I know this because as soon as the anthem finishes she snuggles up against me and falls asleep. Nor do I have any misgivings about her, as I take no particular precautions. If shed wanted me dead, all she

would have had to do was disappear from that tree without pointing out the tracker jacker nest. Needling me, at the very back of my mind, is the obvious. Both of us cant win these Games. But since the odds are still against either of us surviving, I manage to ignore the thought. Besides, Im distracted by my latest idea about the Careers and their supplies. Somehow Rue and I must find a way to destroy their food. Im pretty sure feeding themselves will be a tremendous struggle. Traditionally, the Career tributes strategy is to get hold of all the food early on and work from there. The years when they have not protected it well one year a pack of hideous reptiles destroyed it, another a Gamemakers flood washed it away those are usually the years that tributes from other districts have won. That the Careers have been better red growing up is actually to their disadvantage, because they dont know how to be hungry. Not the way Rue and I do. But Im too exhausted to begin any detailed plan tonight. My wounds recovering, my mind still a bit foggy from the venom, and the warmth of Rue at my side, her head cradled on my shoulder, have given me a sense of security. I realize, for the first time, how very lonely Ive been in the arena. How comforting the presence of another human being can be. I give in to my drowsiness, resolving that tomorrow the tables will turn. Tomorrow, its the Careers who will have to watch their backs. The boom of the cannon jolts me awake.

The skys streaked with light, the birds already chattering. Rue perches in a branch across from me, her hands cupping something. We wait, listening for more shots, but there arent any. Who do you think that was? I cant help thinking of Peeta. I dont know. It could have been any of the others, says Rue. I guess well know tonight. Whos left again? I ask. The boy from District One. Both tributes from Two. The boy from Three. Thresh and me. And you and Peeta, says Rue. Thats eight. Wait, and the boy from Ten, the one with the bad leg. He makes nine. Theres someone else, but neither of us can remember who it is. I wonder how that last one died, says Rue. No telling. But its good for us. A death should hold the crowd for a bit. Maybe well have time to do something before the Gamemakers decide things have been moving too slowly, I say. Whats in your hands? Breakfast, says Rue. She holds them out revealing two big eggs. What kind are those? I ask. Not sure. Theres a marshy area over that way. Some kind of waterbird, she says. Itd be nice to cook them, but neither of us wants to risk a fire. My guess is the tribute who died today was a victim of the Careers, which means theyve recovered enough to be back in the Games. We each suck out the insides of an egg, eat a rabbit leg and some berries. Its a good breakfast anywhere. Ready to do it? I say, pulling on my pack. Do what? says Rue, but by the way she bounces up, you can tell shes up for whatever I propose. Today we take out the Careers food, I say. Really?

How? You can see the glint of excitement in her eyes. In this way, shes exactly the opposite of Prim for whom adventures are an ordeal. No idea. Come on, well figure out a plan while we hunt, I say. We dont get much hunting done though because Im too busy getting every scrap of information I can out of Rue about the Careers base. Shes only been in to spy on them briefly, but shes observant. They have set up their camp beside the lake. Their supply stash is about thirty yards away. During the day, theyve been leaving another tribute, the boy from District 3, to watch over the supplies. The boy from District Three? I ask. Hes working with them? Yes, he stays at the camp full-time. He got stung, too, when they drew the tracker jackers in by the lake, says Rue. I guess they agreed to let him live if he acted as their guard. But hes not very big. What weapons does he have? I ask. Not much that I could see. A spear. He might be able to hold a few of us off with that, but Thresh could kill

him easily, says Rue. And the foods just out in the open? I say. She nods. Somethings not quite right about that whole setup. I know. But I couldnt tell what exactly, says Rue. Katniss, even if you could get to the food, how would you get rid of it? Burn it. Dump it in the lake. Soak it in fuel. I poke Rue in the belly, just like I would Prim. Eat it! She giggles. Dont worry, Ill think of something. Destroying things is much easier than making them. For a while, we dig roots, we gather berries and greens, we devise a strategy in hushed voices. And I come to know Rue, the oldest of six kids, fiercely protective of her siblings, who gives her rations to the younger ones, who forages in the meadows in a district where the Peacekeepers are far less obliging than ours. Rue, who when you ask her what she loves most in the world, replies, of all things, Music. Music? I say. In our world, I rank music somewhere between hair ribbons and rainbows in terms of usefulness. At least a rainbow gives you a tip about the weather. You have a lot of time for that? We sing at home. At work, too. Thats why I love your pin, she says, pointing to the mockingjay that Ive again forgotten about. You have mockingjays? I ask. Oh, yes. I have a few that are my special friends. We can sing back and forth for hours. They carry messages for me, she says. What do you mean? I say. Im usually up highest, so Im the first to see the flag that signals quitting time. Theres a special little song I do, says Rue. She opens her mouth and sings a little four-note run in a sweet, clear voice. And the mockingjays spread it around the orchard. Thats how everyone knows to knock off, she continues. They can be dangerous though, if you get too near their nests. But you cant blame them for that. I unclasp the pin and hold it out to her. Here, you take it. It has more meaning for you than me. Oh, no, says Rue, closing my fingers back over the pin. I like to see it on you. Thats how I decided I could trust you.

Besides, I have this. She pulls a necklace woven out of some kind of grass from her shirt. On it, hangs a roughly carved wooden star. Or maybe its a flower. Its a good luck charm. Well, its worked so far, I say, pinning the mockingjay back on my shirt. Maybe you should just stick with that. By lunch, we have a plan. By early afternoon, we are poised to carry it out. I help Rue collect and place the wood for the first two campfires, the third shell have time for on her own. We decide to meet afterward at the site where we ate our first meal together. The stream should help guide me back

to it. Before I leave, I make sure Rues well stocked with food and matches. I even insist she take my sleeping bag, in case its not possible to rendezvous by nightfall. What about you? Wont you be cold? she asks. Not if I pick up another bag down by the lake, I say. You know, stealing isnt illegal here, I say with a grin. At the last minute, Rue decides to teach me her mockingjay signal, the one she gives to indicate the days work is done. It might not work. But if you hear the mockingjays singing it, youll know Im okay, only I cant get back right away. Are there many mockingjays here? I ask. Havent you seen them? Theyve got nests everywhere, she says. I have to admit I havent noticed. Okay, then. If all goes according to plan, Ill see you for dinner, I say. Unexpectedly, Rue throws her arms around me. I only hesitate a moment before I hug her back. You be careful, she says to me. You, too, I say. I turn and head back to the stream, feeling somehow worried. About Rue being killed, about Rue not being killed and the two of us being left for last, about leaving Rue alone, about leaving Prim alone back home. No, Prim has my mother and Gale and a baker who has promised she wont go hungry. Rue has only me. Once I reach the stream, I have only to follow it downhill to the place I initially picked it up after the tracker jacker attack. I have to be cautious as I move along the water though, because I find my thoughts preoccupied with unanswered questions, most of which concern Peeta. The cannon that fired early this morning, did that signify his death? If so, how did he die? At the hand of a Career? And was that in revenge for letting me live? I struggle again to remember that moment over Glimmers body, when he burst through the trees. But just the fact that he was sparkling leads me to doubt everything that happened. I must have been moving very slowly yesterday because I reach the shallow stretch where I took my bath in just a few hours. I stop to replenish my water and add a layer of mud to my backpack. It seems bent on reverting to orange no matter how many times I cover it. My proximity to the Careers camp sharpens my senses, and the closer I get to them, the more guarded I am, pausing frequently to listen for unnatural sounds, an arrow already fitted into the string of my bow. I dont see any other tributes, but I do notice some of the things Rue has mentioned.

Patches of the sweet berries. A bush with the leaves that healed my stings. Clusters of tracker jacker nests in the vicinity of the tree I was trapped in. And here

and there, the black-and-white flash of a mockingjay wing in the branches high over my head. When I reach the tree with the abandoned nest at the foot, I pause a moment, to gather my courage. Rue has given specific instructions on how to reach the best spying place near the lake from this point. Remember, I tell myself. Youre the hunter now, not them. I get a firmer grasp on my bow and go on. I make it to the copse Rue has told me about and again have to admire her cleverness. Its right at the edge of the wood, but the bushy foliage is so thick down low I can easily observe the Career camp without being spotted. Between us lies the flat expanse where the Games began. There are four tributes. The boy from District 1, Cato and the girl from District 2, and a scrawny, ashen-skinned boy who must be from District 3. He made almost no impression on me at all during our time in the Capitol. I can remember almost nothing about him, not his costume, not his training score, not his interview. Even now, as he sits there fiddling with some kind of plastic box, hes easily ignored in the presence of his large and domineering companions. But he must be of some value or they wouldnt have bothered to let him live. Still, seeing him only adds to my sense of unease over why the Careers would possibly leave him as a guard, why they have allowed him to live at all. All four tributes seem to still be recovering from the tracker jacker attack. Even from here, I can see the large swollen lumps on their bodies. They must not have had the sense to remove the stingers, or if they did, not known about the leaves that healed them. Apparently, whatever medicines they found in the Cornucopia have been ineffective. The Cornucopia sits in its original position, but its insides have been picked clean. Most of the supplies, held in crates, burlap sacks, and plastic bins, are piled neatly in a pyramid in what seems a questionable distance from the camp. Others are sprinkled around the perimeter of the pyramid, almost mimicking the layout of supplies around the Cornucopia at the onset of the Games. A canopy of netting that, aside from discouraging birds, seems to be useless shelters the pyramid itself. The whole setup is completely perplexing. The distance, the netting, and the presence of the boy from District 3. One things for sure, destroying those supplies is not going to be as simple as it looks. Some other factor is at play here, and Id better stay put until I figure out what it is. My guess is the pyramid is booby-trapped in some manner. I think of concealed pits, descending nets, a thread that when broken sends a poisonous dart into your heart. Really, the

possibilities are endless. While I am mulling over my options, I hear Cato shout out. Hes pointing up to the woods, far beyond me, and without turning I know

that Rue must have set the first campfire. Wed made sure to gather enough green wood to make the smoke noticeable. The Careers begin to arm themselves at once. An argument breaks out. Its loud enough for me to hear that it concerns whether or not the boy from District 3 should stay or accompany them. Hes coming. We need him in the woods, and his jobs done here anyway. No one can touch those supplies, says Cato. What about Lover Boy? says the boy from District 1. I keep telling you, forget about him. I know where I cut him. Its a miracle he hasnt bled to death yet. At any rate, hes in no shape to raid us, says Cato. So Peeta is out there in the woods, wounded badly. But I am still in the dark on what motivated him to betray the Careers. Come on, says Cato. He thrusts a spear into the hands of the boy from District 3, and they head off in the direction of the fire. The last thing I hear as they enter the woods is Cato saying, When we find her, I kill her in my own way, and no one interferes. Somehow I dont think hes talking about Rue. She didnt drop a nest of acker jackers on him. I stay put for a half an hour or so, trying to figure out what to do about the supplies. The one advantage I have with the bow and arrow is distance. I could send a flaming arrow into the pyramid easily enough Im a good enough shot to get it through those openings in the net but theres no guarantee it would catch. More likely itd just burn itself out and then what? Id have achieved nothing and given them far too much information about myself. That I was here, that I have an accomplice, that I can use the bow and arrow with accuracy. Theres no alternative. Im going to have to get in closer and see if I cant discover what exactly protects the supplies. In fact, Im just about to reveal myself when a movement catches my eye. Several hundred yards to my right, I see someone emerge from the woods. For a second, I think its Rue, but then I recognize Foxface shes the one we couldnt remember this morning creeping out onto the plain. When she decides its safe, she runs for the pyramid, with quick, small steps. Just before she reaches the circle of supplies that have been littered around the pyramid, she stops, searches the ground, and carefully places her feet on a spot. Then she begins to approach the pyramid with strange little hops, sometimes landing on one foot, teetering slightly,

sometimes risking a few steps. At one point, she launches up in the air, over a small barrel and lands poised on her tiptoes. But she overshot slightly, and her momentum throws her forward. I hear her give a sharp squeal as her hands hit the ground, but nothing happens. In a moment, shes regained her feet and continues until she has reached the bulk of the supplies. So, Im right about the booby trap, but its clearly more complex than I had imagined. I was right about the girl, too. How wily is she to have discovered this path into the food and to be able to replicate it so neatly? She fills her

pack, taking a few items from a variety of containers, crackers from a crate, a handful of apples from a burlap sack that hangs suspended from a rope off the side of a bin. But only a handful from each, not enough to tip off that the food is missing. Not enough to cause suspicion. And then shes doing her odd little dance back out of the circle and scampering into the woods again, safe and sound. I realize Im grinding my teeth in frustration. Foxface has confirmed what Id already guessed. But what sort of trap have they laid that requires such dexterity? Has so many trigger points? Why did she squeal so as her hands made contact with the earth? Youd have thought . . . And slowly it begins to dawn on me . . . Youd have thought the very ground was going to explode. Its mined, I whisper. That explains everything. The Careers willingness to leave their supplies, Foxfaces reaction, the involvement of the boy from District 3, where they have the factories, where they make televisions and automobiles and explosives. But where did he get them? In the supplies? Thats not the sort of weapon the Gamemakers usually provide, given that they like to see the tributes draw blood personally. I slip out of the bushes and cross to one of the round metal plates that lifted the tributes into the arena. The ground around it has been dug up and patted back down. The land mines were disabled after the sixty seconds we stood on the plates, but the boy from District 3 must have managed to reactivate them. Ive never seen anyone in the Games do that. I bet it came as a shock even to the Gamemakers. Well, hurray for the boy from District 3 for putting one over on them, but what am I supposed to do now? Obviously, I cant go strolling into that mess without blowing myself sky-high. As for sending in a burning arrow, thats more laughable than ever. The mines are set off by pressure. It doesnt have to be a lot, either. One year, a girl

dropped her token, a small wooden ball, while she was at her plate, and they literally had to scrape bits of her off the ground. My arms pretty good, I might be able to chuck some rocks in there and set off what? Maybe one mine? That could start a chain reaction. Or could it? Would the boy from District 3 have placed the mines in such a way that a single mine would not disturb the others? Thereby protecting the supplies but ensuring the death of the invader. Even if I only blew up one mine, Id draw the Careers back down on me for sure. And anyway, what am I thinking? Theres that net, clearly strung to deflect any such attack. Besides, what Id really need is to throw about thirty rocks in there at once, setting off a big chain reaction, demolishing the whole lot. I glance back up at the woods. The smoke from Rues second fire is wafting toward the sky. By now, the Careers have probably begun to suspect some sort of trick. Time is running out. There is a solution to this, I know there is, if I can only focus hard enough. I stare at the pyramid, the

bins, the crates, too heavy to topple over with an arrow. Maybe one contains cooking oil, and the burning arrow idea is reviving when I realize I could end uplosing all twelve of my arrows and not get a direct hit on an oil bin, since Id just be guessing. Im genuinely thinking of trying to re-create Foxfaces trip up to the pyramid in hopes of finding a new means of destruction when my eyes light on the burlap bag of apples. I could sever the rope in one shot, didnt I do as much in the Training Center? Its a big bag, but it still might only be good for one explosion. If only I could free the apples themselves . . . I know what to do. I move into range and give myself three arrows to get the job done. I place my feet carefully, block out the rest of the world as I take meticulous aim, The first arrow tears through the side of the bag near the top, leaving a split in the burlap. The second widens it to a gaping hole. I can see the first apple teetering when I let the third arrow go, catching the torn flap of burlap and ripping it from the bag. For a moment, everything seems frozen in time. Then the apples spill to the ground and Im blown backward into the air.

17.

The impact with the hard-packed earth of the plain knocks the wind out of me.

My backpack does little to soften the blow. Fortunately my quiver has caught in the crook of my elbow, sparing both itself and my shoulder, and my bow is locked in my grasp. The ground still shakes with explosions. I cant hear them. I cant hear anything at the moment. But the apples must have set off enough mines, causing debris to activate the others. I manage to shield my face with my arms as shattered bits of matter, some of it burning, rain down around me. An acrid smoke fills the air, which is not the best remedy for someone trying to regain the ability to breathe. After about a minute, the ground stops vibrating. I roll on my side and allow myself a moment of satisfaction the sight of the smoldering wreckage that was recently the pyramid. The Careers arent likely to salvage anything out of that. Id better get out of here, I think. Theyll be making a beeline for the place. But once Im on my feet, I realize escape may not be so simple. Im dizzy. Not the slightly wobbly kind, but the kind that sends the trees swooping around you and causes the earth to move in waves under your feet. I take a few steps and somehow wind up on my hands and knees. I wait a few minutes to let it pass, but it doesnt. Panic begins to set in. I cant stay here. Flight is essential. But I can neither walk nor hear. I place a hand to my left ear, the

one that was turned toward the blast, and it comes away bloody. Have I gone deaf from the explosion? The idea frightens me. I rely as much on my ears as my eyes as a hunter, maybe more at times. But I cant let my fear show. Absolutely, positively, I am live on every screen in Panem. No blood trails, I tell myself, and manage to pull my hood up over my head, tie the cord under my chin with uncooperative

fingers. That should help soak up the blood. I cant walk, but can I crawl? I move forward tentatively. Yes, if I go very slowly, I can crawl. Most of the woods will offer insufficient cover. My only hope is to make it back to Rues copse and conceal myself in greenery. I cant get caught out here on my hands and knees in the open. Not only will I face death, its sure to be a long and painful one at Catos hand. The thought of Prim having to watch that keeps me doggedly inching my way toward the hideout. Another blast knocks me flat on my face. A stray mine, set off by some collapsing crate. This happens twice more. Im reminded of those last few kernels that burst when Prim and I pop corn over the fire at home. To say I make it in the nick of time is an understatement. I have literally just dragged myself into the tangle of hushes at

the base of the trees when theres Cato, barreling onto the plain, soon followed by his companions. His rage is so extreme it might be comical so people really do tear out their hair and beat the ground with their fists if I didnt know that it was aimed at me, at what I have done to him. Add to that my proximity, my inability to run or defend myself, and in fact, the whole thing has me terrified. Im glad my hiding place makes it impossible for the cameras to get a close shot of me because Im biting my nails like theres no tomorrow. Gnawing off the last bits of nail polish, trying to keep my teeth from chattering. The boy from District 3 throws stones into the ruins and must have declared all the mines activated because the Careers are approaching the wreckage. Cato has finished the first phase of his tantrum and takes out his anger on the smoking remains by kicking open various containers. The other tributes are poking around in the mess, looking for anything to salvage, but theres nothing. The boy from District 3 has done his job too well. This idea must occur to Cato, too, because he turns on the boy and appears to be shouting at him. The boy from District 3 only has time to turn and run before Cato catches him in a headlock from behind. I can see the muscles ripple in Catos arms as he sharply jerks the boys head to the side.

Its that quick. The death of the boy from District 3. The other two Careers seem to be trying to calm Cato down. I can tell he wants to return to the woods, but they keep pointing at the sky, which puzzles me until I realize, Of course. They think whoever set off the explosions is dead. They dont know about the arrows and the apples. They assume the booby trap was faulty, but that the tribute who blew up the supplies was killed doing it. If there was a cannon shot, it could have been easily lost in the subsequent explosions. The shattered remains of the thief removed by hovercraft. They retire to the far side of the lake to allow the Gamemakers to retrieve the body of the boy from District 3. And they wait. I suppose a cannon goes off. A hovercraft appears and takes the dead boy. The sun dips below

the horizon. Night falls. Up in the sky, I see the seal and know the anthem must have begun. A moment of darkness. They show the boy from District 3. They show the boy from District 10, who must have died this morning. Then the seal reappears. So, now they know. The bomber survived. In the seals light, I can see Cato and the girl from District 2 put on their night-vision glasses. The boy from District 1 ignites a

tree branch for a torch, illuminating the grim determination on all their faces. The Careers stride back into the woods to hunt. The dizziness has subsided and while my left ear is still deafened, I can hear a ringing in my right, which seems a good sign. Theres no point in leaving my hiding place, though. Im about as safe as I can be, here at the crime scene. They probably think the bomber has a two- or three-hour lead on them. Still its a long time before I risk moving. The first thing I do is dig out my own glasses and put them on, which relaxes me a little, to have at least one of my hunters senses working. I drink some water and wash the blood from my ear. Fearing the smell of meat will draw unwanted predators fresh blood is bad enough I make a good meal out of the greens and roots and berries Rue and I gathered today. Where is my little ally? Did she make it back to the rendezvous point? Is she worried about me? At least, the sky has shown were both alive. I run through the surviving tributes on my fingers. The boy from 1, both from 2, Foxface, both from 11 and 12. Just eight of us. The betting must be getting really hot in the Capitol. Theyll be doing special features on each of us now. Probably interviewing our friends and families. Its been a long time since a tribute from District 12 made it into the top eight. And now there are two

of us. Although from what Cato said, Peetas on his way out. Not that Cato is the final word on anything. Didnt he just lose his entire stash of supplies? Let the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games begin, Cato, I think. Let them begin for real. A cold breeze has sprung up. I reach for my sleeping bag before I remember I left it with Rue. I was supposed to pick up another one, but what with the mines and all, I forgot. I begin to shiver. Since roosting overnight in a tree isnt sensible anyway, I scoop out a hollow under the bushes and cover myself with leaves and pine needles. Im still freezing. I lay my sheet of plastic over my upper body and position my backpack to block the wind. Its a little better. I begin to have more sympathy for the girl from District 8 that lit the fire that first night. But now its me who needs to grit my teeth and tough it out until morning. More leaves, more pine needles. I pull my arms inside my jacket and tuck my knees up to my chest. Somehow, I drift off to sleep. When I open my eyes, the world looks slightly fractured, and it takes a minute to realize that the sun must be well up and the glasses fragmenting my vision. As I sit up and remove them, I hear a laugh somewhere near


the lake and freeze. The laughs distorted, but the fact that it registered at all means I must be regaining my hearing. Yes, my right ear can hear again, although its still ringing. As for my left ear, well, at least the bleeding has stopped. I peer through the bushes, afraid the Careers have returned, trapping me here for an indefinite time. No, its Foxface, standing in the rubble of the pyramid and laughing. Shes smarter than the Careers, actually finding a few useful items in the ashes. A metal pot. A knife blade. Im perplexed by her amusement until I realize that with the Careers stores eliminated, she might actually stand a chance. Just like the rest of us. It crosses my mind to reveal myself and enlist her as a second ally against that pack. But I rule it out. Theres something about that sly grin that makes me sure that befriending Foxface would ultimately get me a knife in the back. With that in mind, this might be an excellent time to shoot her. But shes heard something, not me, because her head turns away, toward the drop-off, and she sprints for the woods. I wait. No one, nothing shows up. Still, if Foxface thought it was dangerous, maybe its time for me to get out of here, too. Besides, Im eager to tell Rue about the pyramid. Since Ive no idea where the Careers are, the route back by the stream seems as good as any. I

hurry, loaded bow in one hand, a hunk of cold groosling in the other, because Im famished now, and not just for leaves and berries but for the fat and protein in the meat. The trip to the stream is uneventful. Once there, I refill my water and wash, taking particular care with my injured ear. Then I travel uphill using the stream as a guide. At one point, I find boot prints in the mud along the bank. The Careers have been here, but not for a while. The prints are deep because they were made in soft mud, but now theyre nearly dry in the hot sun. I havent been careful enough about my own tracks, counting on a light tread and the pine needles to conceal my prints. Now I strip off my boots and socks and go barefoot up the bed of the stream. The cool water has an invigorating effect on my body, my spirits. I shoot two fish, easy pickings in this slow-moving stream, and go ahead and eat one raw even though Ive just had the groosling. The second Ill save for Rue. Gradually, subtly, the ringing in my right ear diminishes until its gone entirely. I find myself pawing at my left ear periodically, trying to clean away whatever deadens its ability to collect sounds. If theres improvement, its undetectable. I cant adjust to deafness in the ear. It makes me feel off-balanced and defenseless to my left. Blind even. My head keeps turning to

the injured side, as my right ear tries to compensate for the wall of nothingness where yesterday there was a constant flow of information. The more time that passes, the less hopeful I am that this is an injury that will heal. When I reach the site of our first meeting, I feel certain its been

undisturbed. Theres no sign of Rue, not on the ground or in the trees. This is odd. By now she should have returned, as its midday. Undoubtedly, she spent the night in a tree somewhere. What else could she do with no light and the Careers with their night-vision glasses tramping around the woods. And the third fire she was supposed to set although I forgot to check for it last night was the farthest from our site of all. Shes probably just being cautious about making her way back. I wish shed hurry, because I dont want to hang around here too long. I want to spend the afternoon traveling to higher ground, hunting as we go. But theres nothing really for me to do but wait. I wash the blood out of my jacket and hair and clean my ever-growing list of wounds. The burns are much better but I use a bit of medicine on them anyway. The main thing to worry about now is keeping out infection. I go ahead andeat the second fish. It isnt going to last long in this hot sun, but it should be easy enough to spear a few more for Rue. If she would just show up. Feeling too vulnerable on the ground with my lopsided hearing, I scale a tree to wait. If the Careers show up, this will be a fine place to shoot them from. The sun moves slowly. I do things to pass the time. Chew leaves and apply them to my stings that are deflated but still tender. Comb through my damp hair with my fingers and braid it. Lace my boots back up. Check over my bow and remaining nine arrows. Test my left ear repeatedly for signs of life by rustling a leaf near it, but without good results. Despite the groosling and the fish, my stomachs growling, and I know Im going to have what we call a hollow day back in District 12. Thats a day where no matter what you put in your belly, its never enough. Having nothing to do but sit in a tree makes it worse, so I decide to give into it. After all, Ive lost a lot of weight in the arena, I need some extra calories. And having the bow and arrows makes me far more confident about my future prospects. I slowly peel and eat a handful of nuts. My last cracker. The groosling neck. Thats good because it takes time to pick clean. Finally, a groosling wing and the bird is history. But its a hollow day, and even with all that I start daydreaming about food.

Particularly the decadent dishes served in the Capitol. The chicken in creamy orange sauce. The cakes and pudding. Bread with butter. Noodles in green sauce. The lamb and dried plum stew. I suck on a few mint leaves and tell myself to get over it. Mint is good because we drink mint tea after supper often, so it tricks my stomach into thinking eating time is over. Sort of. Dangling up in the tree, with the sun warming me, a mouthful of mint, my bow and arrows at hand . . . This is the most relaxed Ive been since Ive entered the arena. If only Rue would show up, and we could clear out. As the shadows grow, so does my restlessness. By late afternoon, Ive resolved to go looking for her. I can at least visit the spot

where she set the third fire and see if there are any clues to her whereabouts. Before I go, I scatter a few mint leaves around our old campfire. Since we gathered these some distance away, Rue will understand Ive been here, while theyll mean nothing to the Careers. In less than an hour, Im at the place where we agreed to have the third fire and I know something has gone amiss. The wood has been neatly arranged, expertly interspersed with tinder, but it has never been lit. Rue set up thefire but never made it back here. Somewhere between the second column of smoke I spied before I blew up the supplies and this point, she ran into trouble. I have to remind myself shes still alive. Or is she? Could the cannon shot announcing her death have come in the wee hours of the morning when even my good ear was too broken to pick it up? Will she appear in the sky tonight? No, I refuse to believe it. There could be a hundred other explanations. She could have lost her way. Run into a pack of predators or another tribute, like Thresh, and had to hide. Whatever happened, Im almost certain shes stuck out there, somewhere between the second fire and the unlit one at my feet. Something is keeping her up a tree. I think Ill go hunt it down. Its a relief to be doing something after sitting around all afternoon. I creep silently through the shadows, letting them conceal me. But nothing seems suspicious. Theres no sign of any kind of struggle, no disruption of the needles on the ground. Ive stopped for just a moment when I hear it. I have to cock my head around to the side to be sure, but there it is again. Rues four-note tune coming out of a mockingjays mouth. The one that means shes all right. I grin and move in the direction of the bird. Another just a short distance ahead, picks up on the handful of notes. Rue has been

singing to them, and recently. Otherwise theyd have taken up some other song. My eyes lift up into the trees, searching for a sign of her. I swallow and sing softly back, hoping shell know its safe to join me. A mockingjay repeats the melody to me. And thats when I hear the scream. Its a childs scream, a young girls scream, theres no one in the arena capable of making that sound except Rue. And now Im running, knowing this may be a trap, knowing the three Careers may be poised to attack me, but I cant help myself. Theres another high-pitched cry, this time my name. Katniss! Katniss! Rue! I shout back, so she knows Im near. So, they know Im near, and hopefully the girl who has attacked them with tracker jackers and gotten an eleven they still cant explain will be enough to pull their attention away from her. Rue! Im coming! When I break into the clearing, shes on the ground, hopelessly entangled in a net. She just has time to reach her hand through the mesh and say my name before the spear enters her body.

18.

The boy from District 1 dies before he can pull out the spear. My arrow drives deeply into the center of his neck. He falls to his knees and

halves the brief remainder of his life by yanking out the arrow and drowning in his own blood. Im reloaded, shifting my aim from side to side, while I shout at Rue, Are there more? Are there more? She has to say no several times before I hear it. Rue has rolled to her side, her body curved in and around the spear. I shove the boy away from her and pull out my knife, freeing her from the net. One look at the wound and I know its far beyond my capacity to heal, beyond anyones probably. The spearhead is buried up to the shaft in her stomach. I crouch before her, staring helplessly at the embedded weapon. Theres no point in comforting words, in telling her shell be all right. Shes no fool. Her hand reaches out and I clutch it like a lifeline. As if its me whos dying instead of Rue. You blew up the food? she whispers. Every last bit, I say. You have to win, she says. Im going to. Going to win for both of us now, I promise. I hear a cannon and look up. It must be for the boy from District 1. Dont go. Rue tightens her grip on my hand. Course not. Staying right here, I say. I move in closer

to her, pulling her head onto my lap. I gently brush the dark, thick hair back behind her ear. Sing, she says, but I barely catch the word. Sing? I think. Sing what? I do know a few songs. Believe it or not, there was once music in my house, too. Music I helped make. My father pulled me in with that remarkable voice but I havent sung much since he died. Except when Prim is very sick. Then I sing her the same songs she liked as a baby. Sing. My throat is tight with tears, hoarse from smoke and fatigue. But if this is Prims, I mean, Rues last request, I have to at least try. The song that comes to me is a simple lullaby, one we sing fretful, hungry babies to sleep with, Its old, very old I think. Made up long ago in our hills. What my music teacher calls a mountain air. But the words are easy and soothing, promising tomorrow will be more hopeful than this awful piece of time we call today. I give a small cough, swallow hard, and begin:

Deep in the meadow, under the willowA bed of grass, a soft green pillowLay down your head, and close your sleepy eyesAnd when again they open, the sun will rise.Here its safe, here its warmHere the daisies guard you from every harmHere your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them trueHere is the place where I love you.

Rues eyes have fluttered shut. Her chest moves but only slightly. My throat releases the tears and they slide down my cheeks. But I have to finish the song for her.

Deep in the meadow, hidden far awayA cloak of leaves, a moonbeam rayForget your woes and let your troubles layAnd when again its morning, theyll wash away.

Here its safe, here its warmHere the daisies guard you from every harm

The final lines are barely audible.

Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them trueHere is the place where I love you.

Everythings still and quiet. Then, almost eerily, the mockingjays take up my song. For a moment, I sit there, watching my tears drip down on her face. Rues cannon fires. I lean forward and press my lips against her temple. Slowly, as if not to wake her, I lay her head back on the ground and release her hand. Theyll want me to clear out now. So they can collect the bodies. And theres nothing to stay for. I roll the boy from District 1 onto his face and take his pack, retrieve the arrow that ended his life. I cut Rues pack from her back as well, knowing shed want me to have it but leave the spear in her stomach. Weapons in bodies will be transported to the hovercraft. Ive no use for a spear, so the sooner its gone from the arena the better. I cant stop looking at Rue, smaller than ever, a baby animal curled up in a nest of netting. I cant bring myself to leave her like this. Past harm, but seeming utterly defenseless. To hate the boy from District 1, who also appears so vulnerable in death, seems inadequate. Its the Capitol I hate, for doing this to all of us. Gales voice is in my head. His ravings against the Capitol no longer pointless, no longer to be ignored. Rues death has forced me to confront my own fury against the cruelty, the injustice they inflict upon us. But here, even more strongly than at home, I feel my impotence.

Theres no way to take revenge on the Capitol. Is there? Then I remember Peetas words on the roof. Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to . . . To show the Capital they dont own me. That Im more than just a piece in their Games. And for the first time, I understand what he means. I want to do something, right here, right now, to shame them, to make them accountable, to show the Capitol that whatever they do or force us to do there is a part of every tribute they cant own. That Rue was more than a piece in their Games. And so am I. A few steps into the woods grows a bank of wildflowers. Perhaps they are really weeds of some sort, but they have blossoms in beautiful shades of violet and yellow and white. I gather up an armful and come back to Rues side. Slowly, one stem at a time, I decorate her body in the flowers. Covering the ugly wound. Wreathing her face. Weaving her hair with bright colors. Theyll have to show it. Or, even if they choose to turn the cameras elsewhere at this moment, theyll have to bring them back when they collect the bodies and everyone will see her then and know I did it. I step back and take a last look at Rue. She could really be asleep in that meadow after all. Bye, Rue, I whisper. I press the three middle fingers of my left hand against my lips and hold them out in her

direction. Then I walk away without looking back. The birds fall silent. Somewhere, a mockingjay gives the warning whistle that precedes the hovercraft. I dont know how it knows. It must hear

things that humans cant. I pause, my eyes focused on whats ahead, not whats happening behind me. It doesnt take long, then the general birdsong begins again and I know shes gone. Another mockingjay, a young one by the look of it, lands on a branch before me and bursts out Rues melody. My song, the hovercraft, were too unfamiliar for this novice to pick up, but it has mastered her handful of notes. The ones that mean shes safe. Good and safe, I say as I pass under its branch. We dont have to worry about her now. Good and safe. Ive no idea where to go. The brief sense of home I had that one night with Rue has vanished. My feet wander this way and that until sunset. Im not afraid, not even watchful. Which makes me an easy target. Except Id kill anyone I met on sight. Without emotion or the slightest tremor in my hands. My hatred of the Capitol has not lessened my hatred of my competitors in the least. Especially the Careers. They, at least, can be made to pay for Rues death. No one materializes though. There arent many of us left and its a big arena. Soon theyll be pulling out some other device to force us together. But theres been enough gore today. Perhaps well even get to sleep. Im about to haul my packs into a tree to make camp when a silver parachute floats down and lands in front of me. A gift from a sponsor. But why now? Ive been in fairly good shape with supplies. Maybe Haymitchs noticed my despondency and is trying to cheer me up a bit. Or could it be something to help my ear? I open the parachute and find a small loaf of bread Its not the fine white Capitol stuff. Its made of dark ration grain and shaped in a crescent. Sprinkled with seeds. I flash back to Peetas lesson on the various district breads in the Training Center. This bread came from District 11. I cautiously lift the still warm loaf. What must it have cost the people of District 11 who cant even feed themselves? How many wouldve had to do without to scrape up a coin to put in the collection for this one loaf? It had been meant for Rue, surely. But instead of pulling the gift when she died, theyd authorized Haymitch to give it to me. As a thank-you? Or because, like me, they dont like to let debts go unpaid? For whatever reason, this is a first. A district gift to a tribute whos not your own. I lift my face and step into the last falling rays of

sunlight. My thanks to the people of District Eleven, I say. I want them to know I know where it came from. That the full value of their gift has been recognized. I climb dangerously high into a tree, not for safety but to get as far away from today as I can. My sleeping bag is rolled neatly in Rues pack. Tomorrow Ill sort through the supplies. Tomorrow Ill make a new plan. But tonight, all I can do is strap myself in and take tiny bites of the bread. Its good. It tastes of home. Soon the seals in the sky, the anthem plays in my right ear. I see the boy from District 1, Rue. Thats all for tonight. Six of us left, I think. Only six. With

the bread still locked in my hands, I fall asleep at once. Sometimes when things are particularly bad, my brain will give me a happy dream. A visit with my father in the woods. An hour of sunlight and cake with Prim. Tonight it sends me Rue, still decked in her flowers, perched in a high sea of trees, trying to teach me to talk to the mockingjays. I see no sign of her wounds, no blood, just a bright, laughing girl. She sings songs Ive never heard in a clear, melodic voice. On and on. Through the night. Theres a drowsy in-between period when I can hear the last few strains of her music although shes lost in the leaves. When I fully awaken, Im momentarily comforted. I try to hold on to the peaceful feeling of the dream, but it quickly slips away, leaving me sadder and lonelier than ever. Heaviness infuses my whole body, as if theres liquid lead in my veins. Ive lost the will to do the simplest tasks, to do anything but lie here, staring unblinkingly through the canopy of leaves. For several hours, I remain motionless. As usual, its the thought of Prims anxious face as she watches me on the screens back home that breaks me from my lethargy. I give myself a series of simple commands to follow, like Now you have to sit up, Katniss. Now you have to drink water, Katniss. I act on the orders with slow, robotic motions. Now you have to sort the packs, Katniss. Rues pack holds my sleeping bag, her nearly empty water skin, a handful of nuts and roots, a bit of rabbit, her extra socks, and her slingshot. The boy from District 1 has several knives, two spare spearheads, a flashlight, a small leather pouch, a first-aid kit, a full bottle of water, and a pack of dried fruit. A pack of dried fruit! Out of all he might have chosen from. To me, this is a sign of extreme arrogance. Why bother to carry food when you have such a bounty back at camp? When you will kill your enemies so quickly youll be home before youre

hungry? I can only hope the other Careers traveled so lightly when it came to food and now find themselves with nothing. Speaking of which, my own supply is running low. I finish off the loaf from District 11 and the last of the rabbit. How quickly the food disappears. All I have left are Rues roots and nuts, the boys dried fruit, and one strip of beef. Now you have to hunt, Katniss, I tell myself. I obediently consolidate the supplies I want into my pack. After I climb down the tree, I conceal the boys knives and spearheads in a pile of rocks so that no one else can use them. Ive lost my bearings what with all the wandering around I did yesterday evening, but I try and head back in the general direction of the stream. I know Im on course when I come across Rues third, unlit fire. Shortly thereafter, I discover a flock of grooslings perched in the trees and take out three before they know what hit them. I return to Rues signal fire and start it up, not caring about the excessive smoke. Where are you, Cato? I think as I roast the birds and Rues roots. Im

waiting right here. Who knows where the Careers are now? Either too far to reach me or too sure this is a trick or ... Is it possible? Too scared of me? They know I have the bow and arrows, of course, Cato saw me take them from Glimmers body, but have they put two and two together yet? Figured out I blew up the supplies and killed their fellow Career? Possibly they think Thresh did this. Wouldnt he be more likely to revenge Rues death than I would? Being from the same district? Not that he ever took any interest in her. And what about Foxface? Did she hang around to watch me blow up the supplies? No. When I caught her laughing in the ashes the next morning, it was as if someone had given her a lovely surprise. I doubt they think Peeta has lit this signal fire. Catos sure hes as good as dead. I find myself wishing I could tell Peeta about the flowers I put on Rue. That I now understand what he was trying to say on the roof. Perhaps if he wins the Games, hell see me on victors night, when they replay the highlights of the Games on a screen over the stage where we did our interviews. The winner sits in a place of honor on the platform, surrounded by their support crew. But I told Rue Id be there. For both of us. And somehow that seems even more important than the vow I gave Prim. I really think I stand a chance of doing it now.


Winning. Its not just having the arrows or outsmarting the Careers a few times, although those things help. Something happened when I was holding Rues hand, watching the life drain out of her. Now I am determined to revenge her, to make her loss unforgettable, and I can only do that by winning and thereby making myself unforgettable. I overcook the birds hoping someone will show up to shoot, but no one does. Maybe the other tributes are out there beating one another senseless. Which would be fine, Ever since the bloodbath, Ive been featured on screens most than I care. Eventually, I wrap up my food and go back to the stream to replenish my water and gather some. But the heaviness from the morning drapes back over me and even though its only early evening, I climb a tree and settle in for the night. My brain begins to replay the events from yesterday. I keep seeing Rue speared, my arrow piercing the boys neck. I dont know why I should even care about the boy. Then I realize . . . He was my first kill. Along with other statistics they report to help people place their bets, every tribute has a list of kills. I guess technically Id get credited for Glimmer and the girl from District 4, too, for dumping that nest on them. But the boy from District 1 was the first person I knew would die because of my actions.Numerous animals have lost their lives at my hands, but only one human. I hear Gale saying, How different can it be, really? Amazingly similar in the execution. A bow pulled, an arrow shot. Entirely different in the aftermath. I killed a boy whose name I dont even know. Somewhere his family is weeping for him. His friends

call for my blood. Maybe he had a girlfriend who really believed he would come back . . . But then I think of Rues still body and Im able to banish the boy from my mind. At least, for now. Its been an uneventful day according to the sky. No deaths. I wonder how long well get until the next catastrophe drives us back together. If its going to be tonight, I want to get some sleep first. I cover my good ear to block out the strains of the anthem, but then I hear the trumpets and sit straight up in anticipation. For the most part, the only communication the tributes get from outside the arena is the nightly death toll. But occasionally, there will be trumpets followed by an announcement. Usually, this will be a call to a feast. When food is scarce, the Gamemakers will invite the players to a banquet, somewhere known to all like the Cornucopia, as an inducement to gather and fight. Sometimes there is a feast

and sometimes theres nothing but a loaf of stale bread for the tributes to compete for. I wouldnt go in for the food, but this could be an ideal time to take out a few competitors. Claudius Templesmiths voice booms down from overhead, congratulating the six of us who remain. But he is not inviting us to a feast. Hes saying something very confusing. Theres been a rule change in the Games. A rule change! That in itself is mind bending since we dont really have any rules to speak of except dont step off your circle for sixty seconds and the unspoken rule about not eating one another. Under the new rule, both tributes from the same district will be declared winners if they are the last two alive. Claudius pauses, as if he knows were not getting it, and repeats the change again. The news sinks in. Two tributes can win this year. If theyre from the same district. Both can live. Both of us can live. Before I can stop myself, I call out Peetas name.

PART III"THE VICTOR"

19.I clap my hands over my mouth, but the sound has already escaped. The sky goes black and I hear a chorus of frogs begin to sing. Stupid! I tell myself. What a stupid thing to do! I wait, frozen, for the woods to come alive with assailants. Then I remember theres almost no one left. Peeta, whos been wounded, is now my ally. Whatever doubts Ive had about him dissipate because if either of us took the others life now wed be pariahs when we returned to District 12. In fact, I know if I was watching Id loathe any tribute who didnt immediately ally with their district partner. Besides, it just makes sense to protect each other. And in my case being one of the star-crossed lovers from District 12 its an absolute requirement if I want any more help from sympathetic sponsors. The star-crossed lovers . . . Peeta must have been playing that angle all along. Why else would the Gamemakers have made this unprecedented change in the rules? For two tributes to have a shot at winning, our romance must be so popular with the audience that condemning it would jeopardize the success of the Games. No

thanks to me. All Ive done is managed not to kill Peeta. But whatever hes done

in the arena, he must have the audience convinced it was to keep me alive. Shaking his head to keep me from running to the Cornucopia. Fighting Cato to let me escape. Even hooking up with the Careers must have been a move to protect me. Peeta, it turns out, has never been a danger to me. The thought makes me smile. I drop my hands and hold my face up to the moonlight so the cameras can be sure to catch it. So, who is there left to be afraid of? Foxface? The boy tribute from her district is dead. Shes operating alone, at night. And her strategy has been to evade, not attack. I dont really think that, even if she heard my voice, shed do anything but hope someone else would kill me. Then theres Thresh. All right, hes a distinct threat. But I havent seen him, not once, since the Games began. I think about how Foxface grew alarmed when she heard a sound at the site of the explosion. But she didnt turn to the Woods, she turned to whatever lies across from it. To that area of the arena that drops off into I dont know what. I feel almost certain that the person she ran from was Thresh and that is his domain. Hed never have heard me from there and, even if he did, Im up too high for someone his size to reach. So that leaves Cato and the girl from District 2, who are now surely celebrating the new rule. Theyre the only

ones left who benefit from it besides Peeta and myself. Do I run from them now, on the chance they heard me call Peetas name? No, I think. Let them come. Let them come with their night-vision glasses and their heavy, branch-breaking bodies. Right into the range of my arrows. But I know they wont. If they didnt come in daylight to my fire, they wont risk what could be another trap at night. When they come, it will be on their own terms, not because Ive let them know my whereabouts. Stay put and get some sleep, Katniss, I instruct myself, although I wish I could start tracking Peeta now. Tomorrow, youll find him. I do sleep, but in the morning Im extra-cautious, thinking that while the Careers might hesitate to attack me in a tree, theyre completely capable of setting an ambush for me. I make sure to fully prepare myself for the day eating a big breakfast, securing my pack, readying my weapons before I descend. But all seems peaceful and undisturbed on the ground. Today Ill have to be scrupulously careful. The Careers will know Im trying to locate Peeta. They may well want to wait until I do before they move in. If hes as badly wounded as Cato thinks, Id be in the position of having to defend us both without any assistance. But if hes that incapacitated, how has he managed to stay alive? And how on earth will I find him? I

try to think of anything Peeta ever said that might give me an indication as to where hes hiding out, but nothing rings a bell. So I go back to the last moment I saw him sparkling in the sunlight, yelling at me to run. Then Cato appeared, his

sword drawn. And after I was gone, he wounded Peeta. But how did Peeta get away? Maybe hed held out better against the tracker jacker poison than Cato. Maybe that was the variable that allowed him to escape. But hed been stung, too. So how far could he have gotten, stabbed and filled with venom? And how has he stayed alive all these days since? If the wound and the stingers havent killed him, surely thirst would have taken him by now. And thats when I get my first clue to his whereabouts. He couldnt have survived without water. I know that from my first few days here. He must be hidden somewhere near a source. Theres the lake, but I find that an unlikely option since its so close to the Careers base camp. A few spring-fed pools. But youd really be a sitting duck at one of those. And the stream. The one that leads from the camp Rue and I made all the way down near the lake and beyond. If he stuck to the stream, he could change his location and always be near water. He could walk in the

current and erase any tracks. He might even be able to get a fish or two. Well, its a place to start, anyway. To confuse my enemies minds, I start a fire with plenty of green wood. Even if they think its a ruse, I hope theyll decide Im hidden somewhere near it. While in reality, Ill be tracking Peeta. The sun burns off the morning haze almost immediately and I can tell the day will be hotter than usual. The waters cool and pleasant on my bare feet as I head downstream. Im tempted to call out Peetas name as I go but decide against it. I will have to find him with my eyes and one good ear or he will have to find me. But hell know Ill be looking, right? He wont have so low of an opinion of me as to think Id ignore the new rule and keep to myself. Would he? Hes very hard to predict, which might be interesting under different circumstances, but at the moment only provides an extra obstacle. It doesnt take long to reach the spot where I peeled off to go the Careers camp. Theres been no sign of Peeta, but this doesnt surprise me. Ive been up and down this stretch three times since the tracker jacker incident. If he were nearby, surely Id have had some suspicion of it. The stream begins to curve to the left into a part of the woods thats new to me. Muddy banks covered in tangled water plants lead to large rocks that increase in size until I

begin to feel somewhat trapped. It would be no small matter to escape the stream now. Fighting off Cato or Thresh as I climbed over this rocky terrain. In fact, Ive just about decided Im on the wrong track entirely, that a wounded boy would be unable to navigate getting to and from this water source, when I see the bloody streak going down the curve of a boulder. Its long dried now, but the smeary lines running side to side suggest someone who perhaps was not fully in control of his mental faculties tried to wipe it away. Hugging the rocks, I move slowly in the direction of the blood, searching for him. I find a few more bloodstains, one

with a few threads of fabric glued to it, but no sign of life. I break down and say his name in a hushed voice. Peeta! Peeta! Then a mockingjay lands on a scruffy tree and begins to mimic my tones so I stop. I give up and climb back down to the stream thinking, He must have moved on. Somewhere farther down. My foot has just broken the surface of the water when I hear a voice. You here to finish me off, sweetheart? I whip around. Its come from the left, so I cant pick it up very well. And the voice was hoarse and weak. Still, it must have been Peeta. Who else in the arena would call me

sweetheart? My eyes peruse the bank, but theres nothing. Just mud, the plants, the base of the rocks. Peeta? I whisper. Where are you? Theres no answer. Could I just have imagined it? No, Im certain it was real and very close at hand, too. Peeta? I creep along the bank. Well, dont step on me. I jump back. His voice was right under my feet. Still theres nothing. Then his eyes open, unmistakably blue in the brown mud and green leaves. I gasp and am rewarded with a hint of white teeth as he laughs. Its the final word in camouflage. Forget chucking weights around. Peeta should have gone into his private session with the Gamemakers and painted himself into a tree. Or a boulder. Or a muddy bank full of weeds. Close your eyes again, I order. He does, and his mouth, too, and completely disappears. Most of what I judge to be his body is actually under a layer of mud and plants. His face and arms are so artfully disguised as to be invisible. I kneel beside him. I guess all those hours decorating cakes paid off. Peeta smiles. Yes, frosting. The final defense of the dying. Youre not going to die, I tell him firmly. Says who? His voice is so ragged. Says me. Were on the same team now, you know, I tell him. His eyes open. So, I heard. Nice of you to find whats left of me. I pull out my water bottle and give him a drink. Did Cato cut you? I ask. Left leg.

Up high, he answers. Lets get you in the stream, wash you off so I can see what kind of wounds youve got, I say. Lean down a minute first, he says. Need to tell you something. I lean over and put my good ear to his lips, which tickle as he whispers. Remember, were madly in love, so its all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it. I jerk my head back but end up laughing. Thanks, Ill keep it in mind. At least, hes still able to joke around. But when I start to help him to the stream, all the levity disappears. Its only two feet away, how hard can it be? Very hard when I realize hes unable to move an inch on his own. Hes so weak that the best he can do is not to resist. I try to drag him, but despite the fact that I know hes doing all he can to keep quiet, sharp cries of pain escape him. The mud and plants seem to have imprisoned him and I finally have to give a gigantic tug to break him from their clutches. Hes still two feet from the water, lying there, teeth gritted, tears cutting trails in the dirt on his face. Look, Peeta, Im

going to roll you into the stream. Its very shallow here, okay? I say. Excellent, he says. I crouch down beside him. No matter what happens, I tell myself, dont stop

until hes in the water. On three, I say. One, two, three! I can only manage one full roll before I have to stop because of the horrible sound hes making. Now hes on the edge of the stream. Maybe this is better anyway. Okay, change of plans. Im not going to put you all the way in, I tell him. Besides, if I get him in, who knows if Id ever be able to get him out? No more rolling? he asks. Thats all done. Lets get you cleaned up. Keep an eye on the woods for me, okay? I say. Its hard to know where to start. He so caked with mud and matted leaves, I cant even see his clothes. If hes wearing clothes. The thought makes me hesitate a moment, but then I plunge in. Naked bodies are no big deal in the arena, right? Ive got two water bottles and Rues water skin. I prop them against rocks in the stream so that two are always filling while I pour the third over Peetas body. It takes a while, but I finally get rid of enough mud to find his clothes. I gently unzip his jacket, unbutton his shirt and ease them off him. His undershirt is so plastered into his wounds I have to cut it away with my knife and drench him again to work it loose. Hes badly bruised with a long burn across his chest and four tracker jacker stings, if you count the one under his ear. But I feel a bit better. This much I can fix. I decide to take care of his upper body first, to alleviate

some pain, before I tackle whatever damage Cato did to his leg. Since treating his wounds seems pointless when hes lying in whats become a mud puddle, I manage to prop him up against a boulder. He sits there, uncomplaining, while I wash away all the traces of dirt from his hair and skin. His flesh is very pale in the sunlight and he no longer looks strong and stocky. I have to dig the stingers out of his tracker jacker lumps, which causes him to wince, but the minute I apply the leaves he sighs in relief. While he dries in the sun, I wash his filthy shirt and jacket and spread them over boulders. Then I apply the burn cream to his chest. This is when I notice how hot his skin is becoming. The layer of mud and the bottles of water have disguised the fact that hes burning with fever. I dig through the first-aid kit I got from the boy from District 1 and find pills that reduce your temperature. My mother actually breaks down and buys these on occasion when her home remedies fail. Swallow these, I tell him, and he obediently takes the medicine. You must be hungry. Not really. Its funny, I havent been hungry for days, says Peeta. In fact, when I offer him groosling, he wrinkles his nose at it and turns away. Thats when I know how sick he is. Peeta, we need to get some food in you, I insist. Itll just come right back up, he says. The best I

can do is to get him to eat a few bits of dried apple. Thanks. Im much better, really. Can I sleep now,

Katniss? he asks. Soon, I promise. I need to look at your leg first. Trying to be as gentle as I can, I remove his boots, his socks, and then very slowly inch his pants off of him. I can see the tear Catos sword made in the fabric over his thigh, but it in no way prepares me for what lies underneath. The deep inflamed gash oozing both blood and pus. The swelling of the leg. And worst of all, the smell of festering flesh. I want to run away. Disappear into the woods like I did that day they brought the burn victim to our house. Go and hunt while my mother and Prim attend to what I have neither the skill nor the courage to face. But theres no one here but me. I try to capture the calm demeanor my mother assumes when handling particularly bad cases. Pretty awful, huh? says Peeta. Hes watching me closely. So-so. I shrug like its no big deal. You should see some of the people they bring my mother from the mines. I refrain from saying how I usually clear out of the house whenever shes treating anything worse than a cold. Come to think of it, I dont even much like to be around coughing.

First thing is to clean it well. Ive left on Peetas undershorts because theyre not in bad shape and I dont want to pull them over the swollen thigh and, all right, maybe the idea of him being naked makes me uncomfortable. Thats another thing about my mother and Prim. Nakedness has no effect on them, gives them no cause for embarrassment. Ironically, at this point in the Games, my little sister would be of far more use to Peeta than I am. I scoot my square of plastic under him so I can wash down the rest of him. With each bottle I pour over him, the worse the wound looks. The rest of his lower body has fared pretty well, just one tracker jacker sting and a few small burns that I treat quickly. But the gash on his leg . . . What on earth can I do for that? Why dont we give it some air and then . . . I trail off. And then youll patch it up? says Peeta. He looks almost sorry for me, as if he knows how lost I am. Thats right, I say. In the meantime, you eat these. I put a few dried pear halves in his hand and go back in the stream to wash the rest of his clothes. When theyre flattened out and drying, I examine the contents of the first-aid kit. Its pretty basic stuff. Bandages, fever pills, medicine to calm stomachs. Nothing of the caliber Ill need to treat Peeta. Were going to have to experiment some, I admit. I know the tracker jacker leaves

draw out infection, so I start with those. Within minutes of pressing the handful of chewed-up green stuff into the wound, pus begins running down the side of his leg. I tell myself this is a good thing and bite the inside of my cheek hard because my breakfast is threatening to make a reappearance. Katniss? Peeta says. I meet his eyes, knowing my face must be some shade of green. He mouths the words. How about that kiss? I burst out laughing because the whole thing is so revolting I cant stand it. Something wrong? he asks a little too

innocently. I . . . Im no good at this. Im not my mother. Ive no idea what Im doing and I hate pus, I say. Euh! I allow myself to let out a groan as I rinse away the first round of leaves and apply the second. Euuuh! How do you hunt? he asks. Trust me. Killing things is much easier than this, I say. Although for all I know, I am killing you. Can you speed it up a little? he asks. No. Shut up and eat your pears, I say. After three applications and what seems like a bucket of pus, the wound does look better. Now that the swelling has gone down, I can see how deep Catos sword cut. Right down to the bone. What next, Dr. Everdeen? he asks. Maybe Ill put some of the burn

ointment on it. I think it helps with infection anyway. And wrap it up? I say. I do and the whole thing seems a lot more manageable, covered in clean white cotton. Although, against the sterile bandage, the hem of his undershorts looks filthy and teeming with contagion. I pull out Rues backpack. Here, cover yourself with this and Ill wash your shorts. Oh, I dont care if you see me, says Peeta. Youre just like the rest of my family, I say. I care, all right? I turn my back and look at the stream until the undershorts splash into the current. He must be feeling a bit better if he can throw. You know, youre kind of squeamish for such a lethal person, says Peeta as I beat the shorts clean between two rocks. I wish Id let you give Haymitch a shower after all. I wrinkle my nose at the memory. Whats he sent you so far? Not a thing, says Peeta. Then theres a pause as it hits him. Why, did you get something? Burn medicine, I say almost sheepishly. Oh, and some bread. I always knew you were his favorite, says Peeta. Please, he cant stand being in the same room with me, I say. Because youre just alike, mutters Peeta. I ignore it though because this really isnt the time for me to be insulting Haymitch, which is my first impulse. I let Peeta doze off while his clothes dry out, but by late afternoon, I dont dare wait any longer. I gently shake his

shoulder. Peeta, weve got to go now. Go? He seems confused. Go where? Away from here. Downstream maybe. Somewhere we can hide you until youre stronger, I say. I help him dress, leaving his feet bare so we can walk in the water, and pull him upright. His face drains of color the moment he puts weight on his leg. Come on. You can do this. But he cant. Not for long anyway. We make it about fifty yards downstream, with him propped up by my shoulder, and I can tell hes going to black out. I sit him on the bank, push his head between his knees, and pat his back awkwardly as I survey the area. Of course, Id love to get him up in a tree, but thats not going to happen. It could be worse though. Some of the rocks form small cavelike structures. I set my sights on one about twenty yards above the stream. When Peetas able to stand, I half-guide, half-carry him up to the cave. Really, Id like to look around for a better place, but this one will have to do because my

ally is shot. Paper white, panting, and, even though its only just cooling off, hes shivering. I cover the floor of the cave with a layer of pine needles, unroll my sleeping bag, and tuck him into it. I get a couple of pills and some water into him

when hes not noticing, but he refuses to eat even the fruit. Then he just lies there, his eyes trained on my face as I build a sort of blind out of vines to conceal the mouth of the cave. The result is unsatisfactory. An animal might not question it, but a human would see hands had manufactured it quickly enough. I tear it down in frustration. Katniss, he says. I go over to him and brush the hair back from his eyes. Thanks for finding me. You would have found me if you could, I say. His foreheads burning up. Like the medicines having no effect at all. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Im scared hes going to die. Yes. Look, if I dont make it back he begins. Dont talk like that. I didnt drain all that pus for nothing, I say. I know. But just in case I dont he tries to continue. No, Peeta, I dont even want to discuss it, I say, placing my fingers on his lips to quiet him. But I he insists. Impulsively, I lean forward and kiss him, stopping his words. This is probably overdue anyway since hes right, we are supposed to be madly in love. Its the first time Ive ever kissed a boy, which should make some sort of impression I guess, but all I can register is how unnaturally hot his lips are from the fever. I break away and pull the edge of the sleeping bag up around him. Youre not going to die. I forbid it. All right? All right, he whispers. I step out in the cool

evening air just as the parachute floats down from the sky. My fingers quickly undo the tie, hoping for some real medicine to treat Peetas leg. Instead I find a pot of hot broth. Haymitch couldnt be sending me a clearer message. One kiss equals one pot of broth. I can almost hear his snarl. Youre supposed to be in love, sweetheart. The boys dying. Give me something I can work with! And hes right. If I want to keep Peeta alive, Ive got to give the audience something more to care about. Star-crossed lovers desperate to get home together. Two hearts beating as one. Romance. Never having been in love, this is going to be a real trick. I think of my parents. The way my father never failed to bring her gifts from the woods. The way my mothers face would light up at the sound of his boots at the door. The way she almost stopped living when he died. Peeta! I say, trying for the special tone that my mother used only with my father. Hes dozed off again, but I kiss him awake, which seems to startle him. Then he smiles as if hed be happy to lie there gazing at me forever. Hes great at this stuff. I hold up the pot. Peeta, look what Haymitch has sent you.

20.

Getting the broth into Peeta takes an hour of coaxing, begging, threatening, and yes, kissing, but finally, sip by sip, he empties the pot. I let him drift off to sleep then and attend to my own needs, wolfing down a supper of

groosling and roots while I watch the daily report in the sky. No new casualties. Still, Peeta and I have given the audience a fairly interesting day. Hopefully, the Gamemakers will allow us a peaceful night. I automatically look around for a good tree to nest in before I realize thats over. At least for a while. I cant very well leave Peeta unguarded on the ground. I left the scene of his last hiding place on the bank of the stream untouched how could I conceal it? and were a scant fifty yards downstream. I put on my glasses, place my weapons in readiness, and settle down to keep watch. The temperature drops rapidly and soon Im chilled to the bone. Eventually, I give in and slide into the sleeping bag with Peeta. Its toasty warm and I snuggle down gratefully until I realize its more than warm, its overly hot because the bag is reflecting back his fever. I check his forehead and find it burning and dry. I dont know what to do. Leave him in the bag and hope the excessive heat breaks the

fever? Take him out and hope the night air cools him off? I end up just dampening a strip of bandage and placing it on his forehead. It seems weak, but Im afraid to do anything too drastic. I spend the night half-sitting, half-lying next to Peeta, refreshing the bandage, and trying not to dwell on the fact that by teaming up with him, Ive made myself far more vulnerable than when I was alone. Tethered to the ground, on guard, with a very sick person to take care of. But I knew he was injured. And still I came after him. Im just going to have to trust that whatever instinct sent me to find him was a good one. When the sky turns rosy, I notice the sheen of sweat on Peetas lip and discover the fever has broken. Hes not back to normal, but its come down a few degrees. Last night, when I was gathering vines, I came upon a bush of Rues berries. I strip off the fruit and mash it up in the broth pot with cold water. Peetas struggling to get up when I reach the cave. I woke up and you were gone, he says. I was worried about you. I have to laugh as I ease him back down. You were worried about me? Have you taken a look at yourself lately? I thought Cato and Clove might have found you. They like to hunt at night, he says, still serious. Clove? Which one is that? I ask. The girl from District Two. Shes still alive, right? he

says. Yes, theres just them and us and Thresh and Foxface, I say. Thats what I nicknamed the girl from Five. How do you feel? Better than yesterday. This is an enormous improvement over the mud, he says. Clean clothes and medicine and a sleeping bag . . . And you. Oh, right, the whole romance thing. I reach out to touch his cheek and he catches my hand and presses it against his lips. I remember my father doing this very thing to my mother and I wonder where Peeta picked it up. Surely not from his father and the witch. No more kisses for you until youve eaten, I say. We get him propped up against the wall and he obediently swallows the spoonfuls of the

berry mush I feed him. He refuses the groosling again, though. You didnt sleep, Peeta says. Im all right, I say. But the truth is, Im exhausted. Sleep now. Ill keep watch. Ill wake you if anything happens, he says. I hesitate. Katniss, you cant stay up forever. Hes got a point there. Ill have to sleep eventually. And probably better to do it now when he seems relatively alert and we have daylight on our side. All right, I say. But just for a few hours. Then you wake me. Its too warm for the sleeping bag now. I smooth it out on the cave floor and lie down, one hand on my loaded bow in

case I have to shoot at a moments notice. Peeta sits beside me, leaning against the wall, his bad leg stretched out before him, his eyes trained on the world outside. Go to sleep, he says softly. His hand brushes the loose strands of my hair off my forehead. Unlike the staged kisses and caresses so far, this gesture seems natural and comforting. I dont want him to stop and he doesnt. Hes still stroking my hair when I fall asleep. Too long. I sleep too long. I know from the moment I open my eyes that were into the afternoon. Peetas right beside me, his position unchanged. I sit up, feeling somehow defensive but better rested than Ive been in days. Peeta, you were supposed to wake me after a couple of hours, I say. For what? Nothings going on here, he says. Besides I like watching you sleep. You dont scowl. Improves your looks a lot. This, of course, brings on a scowl that makes him grin. Thats when I notice how dry his lips are. I test his cheek. Hot as a coal stove. He claims hes been drinking, but the containers still feel full to me. I give him more fever pills and stand over him while he drinks first one, then a second quart of water. Then I tend to his minor wounds, the burns, the stings, which are showing improvement. I steel myself and unwrap the leg. My heart drops into my stomach. Its worse, much worse. Theres no

more pus in evidence, but the swelling has increased and the tight shiny skin is inflamed. Then I see the red streaks starting to crawl up his leg. Blood poisoning. Unchecked, it will kill him for sure. My chewed-up leaves and ointment wont make a dent in it. Well need strong anti-infection drugs from the Capitol. I cant imagine the cost of such potent medicine. If Haymitch pooled every donation from every sponsor, would he have enough? I doubt it. Gifts go up in price the longer the Games continue. What buys a full meal on day one buys a cracker on day twelve. And the kind of medicine Peeta needs would have been at a premium from the beginning. Well, theres more swelling, but the pus is gone, I say in an unsteady voice. I know what blood poisoning is, Katniss, says Peeta. Even if my mother isnt a healer. Youre just going to have to outlast the others, Peeta. Theyll cure it back at the Capitol when we win, I say. Yes, thats a good plan, he says. But I feel this is mostly for my benefit. You have to eat. Keep your strength up. Im going to make you

soup, I say. Dont light a fire, he says. Its not worth it. Well see, I say. As I take the pot down to the stream, Im struck by how brutally hot it is. I swear the

Gamemakers are progressively ratcheting up the temperature in the daytime and sending it plummeting at night. The heat of the sun-baked stones by the stream gives me an idea though. Maybe I wont need to light a fire. I settle down on a big flat rock halfway between the stream and the cave. After purifying half a pot of water, I place it in direct sunlight and add several egg-size hot stones to the water. Im the first to admit Im not much of a cook. But since soup mainly involves tossing everything in a pot and waiting, its one of my better dishes. I mince groosling until its practically mush and mash some of Rues roots. Fortunately, theyve both been roasted already so they mostly need to be heated up. Already, between the sunlight and the rocks, the waters warm. I put in the meat and roots, swap in fresh rocks, and go find something green to spice it up a little. Before long, I discover a tuft of chives growing at the base of some rocks. Perfect. I chop them very fine and add them to the pot, switch out the rocks again, put on the lid, and let the whole thing stew. Ive seen very few signs of game around, but I dont feel comfortable leaving Peeta alone while I hunt, so I rig half a dozen snares and hope I get lucky. I wonder about the other tributes, how theyre managing now that their main source of food has been blown up.

At least three of them, Cato, Clove, and Foxface, had been relying on it. Probably not Thresh though. Ive got a feeling he must share some of Rues knowledge on how to feed yourself from the earth. Are they fighting each other? Looking for us? Maybe one of them has located us and is just waiting for the right moment to attack. The idea sends me back to the cave. Peetas stretched out on top of the sleeping bag in the shade of the rocks. Although he brightens a bit when I come in, its clear he feels miserable. I put cool cloths on his head, but they warm up almost as soon as they touch his skin. Do you want anything? I ask. No, he says. Thank you. Wait, yes. Tell me a story. A story? What about? I say. Im not much for storytelling. Its kind of like singing. But once in a while, Prim wheedles one out of me. Something happy. Tell me about the happiest day you can remember, says Peeta. Something between a sigh and a huff of exasperation leaves my mouth. A happy story? This will require a lot more effort than the soup. I rack my brains for good memories. Most of them involve Gale and me out hunting and somehow I dont think these will play well with either Peeta or the audience. That leaves Prim. Did I ever tell you about how I got Prims goat? I ask. Peeta shakes his head, and looks at me expectantly. So I begin. But carefully.

Because my words are going out all over Panem. And while people have no doubt put two and two together that I hunt illegally, I dont want to hurt Gale

or Greasy Sae or the butcher or even the Peacekeepers back home who are my customers by publicly announcing theyd breaking the law, too. Heres the real story of how I got the money for Prims goat, Lady. It was a Friday evening, the day before Prims tenth birthday in late May. As soon as school ended, Gale and I hit the woods, because I wanted to get enough to trade for a present for Prim. Maybe some new cloth for a dress or a hairbrush. Our snares had done well enough and the woods were flush with greens, but this was really no more than our average Friday-night haul. I was disappointed as we headed back, even though Gale said wed be sure to do better tomorrow. We were resting a moment by a stream when we saw him. A young buck, probably a yearling by his size. His antlers were just growing in, still small and coated in velvet. Poised to run but unsure of us, unfamiliar with humans. Beautiful. Less beautiful perhaps when the two arrows caught him, one in the neck, the other in the chest. Gale and I had shot at the same time. The buck tried to run but stumbled, and

Gales knife slit his throat before he knew what had happened. Momentarily, Id felt a pang at killing something so fresh and innocent. And then my stomach rumbled at the thought of all that fresh and innocent meat. A deer! Gale and I have only brought down three in all. The first one, a doe that had injured her leg somehow, almost didnt count. But we knew from that experience not to go dragging the carcass into the Hob. It had caused chaos with people bidding on parts and actually trying to hack off pieces themselves. Greasy Sae had intervened and sent us with our deer to the butcher, but not before itd been badly damaged, hunks of meat taken, the hide riddled with holes. Although everybody paid up fairly, it had lowered the value of the kill. This time, we waited until dark fell and slipped under a hole in the fence close to the butcher. Even though we were known hunters, it wouldnt have been good to go carrying a 150-pound deer through the streets of District 12 in daylight like we were rubbing it in the officials faces. The butcher, a short, chunky woman named Rooba, came to the back door when we knocked. You dont haggle with Rooba. She gives you one price, which you can take or leave, but its a fair price. We took her offer on the deer and she threw in a couple of venison steaks we could pick up after the

butchering. Even with the money divided in two, neither Gale nor I had held so much at one time in our lives. We decided to keep it a secret and surprise our families with the meat and money at the end of the next day. This is where I really got the money for the goat, but I tell Peeta I sold an old silver locket of my mothers. That cant hurt anyone. Then I pick up the story in the late afternoon of Prims birthday. Gale and I went to the market on the square so that I could buy dress materials. As I was running my fingers over a length of thick blue cotton cloth, something caught my

eye. Theres an old man who keeps a small herd of goats on the other side of the Seam. I dont know his real name, everyone just calls him the Goat Man. His joints are swollen and twisted in painful angles, and hes got a hacking cough that proves he spent years in the mines. But hes lucky. Somewhere along the way he saved up enough for these goats and now has something to do in his old age besides slowly starve to death. Hes filthy and impatient, but the goats are clean and their milk is rich if you can afford it. One of the goats, a white one with black patches, was lying down in a cart. It was easy to see why. Something, probably a dog, had mauled her

shoulder and infection had set in. It was bad, the Goat Man had to hold her up to milk her. But I thought I knew someone who could fix it. Gale, I whispered. I want that goat for Prim. Owning a nanny goat can change your life in District 12. The animals can live off almost anything, the Meadows a perfect feeding place, and they can give four quarts of milk a day. To drink, to make into cheese, to sell. Its not even against the law. Shes hurt pretty bad, said Gale. We better take a closer look. We went over and bought a cup of milk to share, then stood over the goat as if idly curious. Let her be, said the man. Just looking, said Gale. Well, look fast. She goes to the butcher soon. Hardly anyone will buy her milk, and then they only pay half price, said the man. Whats the butcher giving for her? I asked. The man shrugged. Hang around and see. I turned and saw Rooba coming across the square toward us. Lucky thing you showed up, said the Goat Man when she arrived. Girls got her eye on your goat. Not if shes spoken for, I said carelessly. Rooba looked me up and down then frowned at the goat. Shes not. Look at that shoulder. Bet you half the carcass will be too rotten for even sausage. What? said the Goat Man. We had a deal. We had a deal on an animal with a few teeth marks. Not that thing. Sell her to the girl if shes stupid enough to take

her, said Rooba. As she marched off, I caught her wink. The Goat Man was mad, but he still wanted that goal off his hands. It took us half an hour to agree on the price. Quite a crowd had gathered by then to hand out opinions. It was an excellent deal if the goat lived; Id been robbed if she died. People took sides in the argument, but I took the goat. Gale offered to carry her. I think he wanted to see the look on Prims face as much as I did. In a moment of complete giddiness, I bought a pink ribbon and tied it around her neck. Then we hurried back to my house. You should have seen Prims reaction when we walked in with that goat. Remember this is a girl who wept to save that awful old cat, Buttercup. She was so excited she started crying and laughing all at once. My mother was less sure, seeing the injury, but the pair of them went to work on it, grinding up herbs and coaxing brews down the animals throat. They sound like you, says Peeta. I had almost forgotten he

was there. Oh, no, Peeta. They work magic. That thing couldnt have died if it tried, I say. But then I bite my tongue, realizing what that must sound like to Peeta, who is dying, in my incompetent hands. Dont worry. Im not trying, he jokes. Finish

the story. Well, thats it. Only I remember that night, Prim insisted on sleeping with Lady on a blanket next to the fire. And just before they drifted off, the goat licked her cheek, like it was giving her a good night kiss or something, I say. It was already mad about her. Was it still wearing the pink ribbon? he asks. I think so, I say. Why? Im just trying to get a picture, he says thoughtfully. I can see why that day made you happy. Well, I knew that goat would be a little gold mine, 1 say. Yes, of course I was referring to that, not the lasting joy you gave the sister you love so much you took her place in the reaping, says Peeta drily. The goat has paid for itself. Several times over, I say in a superior tone. Well, it wouldnt dare do anything else after you saved its life, says Peeta. I intend to do the same thing. Really? What did you cost me again? I ask. A lot of trouble. Dont worry. Youll get it all back, he says. Youre not making sense, I say. I test his forehead. The levers going nowhere but up. Youre a little cooler though. The sound of the trumpets startles me. Im on my feet and at the mouth of the cave in a flash, not wanting to miss a syllable. Its my new best friend, Claudius Templesmith, and as I expected, hes inviting us to a feast. Well, were not that hungry and I actually wave his offer away in indifference when he says, Now

hold on. Some of you may already be declining my invitation. But this is no ordinary feast. Each of you needs something desperately. I do need something desperately. Something to heal Peetas leg. Each of you will find that something in a backpack, marked with your district number, at the Cornucopia at dawn. Think hard about refusing to show up. For some of you, this will be your last chance, says Claudius. Theres nothing else, just his words hanging in the air. I jump as Peeta grips my shoulder from behind. No, he says. Youre not risking your life for me. Who said I was? I say. So, youre not going? he asks. Of course, Im not going. Give me some credit. Do you think Im running straight into some free-for-all against Cato and Clove and Thresh? Dont be stupid, I say, helping him back to bed. Ill let them fight it out, well see whos in the sky tomorrow night and work out a plan from there. Youre such a bad liar, Katniss. I dont know how youve survived this long. He begins to mimic me. I knew that goat would be a little gold mine. Youre a little cooler though. Of course, Im not going. He shakes his head. Never gamble at cards. Youll lose your last coin, he says. Anger flushes my face. All right, I am going, and you cant stop me! I can follow you. At least partway. I may not make it to the Cornucopia, but if Im yelling your

name, I bet someone can find me. And then

Ill be dead for sure, he says. You wont get a hundred yards from here on that leg, I say. Then Ill drag myself, says Peeta. You go and Im going, too. Hes just stubborn enough and maybe just strong enough to do it. Come howling after me in the woods. Even if a tribute doesnt find him, something else might. He cant defend himself. Id probably have to wall him up in the cave just to go myself. And who knows what the exertion will do to him? What am I supposed to do? Sit here and watch you die? I say. He must know thats not an option. That the audience would hate me. And frankly, I would hate myself, too, if I didnt even try. I wont die. I promise. If you promise not to go, he says. Were at something of a stalemate. I know I cant argue him out of this one, so I dont try. I pretend, reluctantly, to go along. Then you have to do what I say. Drink your water, wake me when I tell you, and eat every bite of the soup no matter how disgusting it is! I snap at him. Agreed. Is it ready? he asks. Wait here, I say. The airs gone cold even though the suns still up. Im right about the Gamemakers messing with the temperature. I wonder if the thing

someone needs desperately is a good blanket. The soup is still nice and warm in its iron pot. And actually doesnt taste too bad. Peeta eats without complaint, even scraping out the pot to show his enthusiasm. He rambles on about how delicious it is, which should be encouraging if you dont know what fever does to people. Hes like listening to Haymitch before the alcohol has soaked him into incoherence. I give him another dose of fever medicine before he goes off his head completely. As I go down to the stream to wash up, all I can think is that hes going to die if I dont get to that feast. Ill keep him going for a day or two, and then the infection will reach his heart or his brain or his lungs and hell be gone. And Ill be here all alone. Again. Waiting for the others. Im so lost in thought that I almost miss the parachute, even though it floats right by me. Then I spring after it, yanking it from the water, tearing off the silver fabric to retrieve the vial. Haymitch has done it! Hes gotten the medicine I dont know how, persuaded some gaggle of romantic fools to sell their jewels and I can save Peeta! Its such a tiny vial though. It must be very strong to cure someone as ill as Peeta. A ripple of doubt runs through me. I uncork the vial and take a deep sniff. My spirits fall at the sickly sweet scent. Just to be sure, I place a drop on the tip of my

tongue. Theres no question, its sleep syrup. Its a common medicine in District 12. Cheap, as medicine goes, but very addictive. Almost everyones had a dose at one time or another. We have some in a bottle at home. My mother gives it to hysterical patients to knock them out to stitch up a bad wound or quiet their minds or just to help someone in pain get through the night. It only takes a little. A vial this size could knock Peeta out for a full day, but what good is that? Im

so furious Im about to throw Haymitchs last offering into the stream when it hits me. A full day? Thats more than I need. I mash up a handful of berries so the taste wont be as noticeable and add some mint leaves for good measure. Then I head back up to the cave. Ive brought you a treat. I found a new patch of berries a little farther downstream. Peeta opens his mouth for the first bite without hesitation. He swallows then frowns slightly. Theyre very sweet. Yes, theyre sugar berries. My mother makes jam from them. Havent you ever had them before? I say, poking the next spoonful in his mouth. No, he says, almost puzzled. But they taste familiar. Sugar berries? Well, you cant get them in the market much, they only grow wild, I say. Another mouthful

goes down. Just one more to go. Theyre sweet as syrup, he says, taking the last spoonful. Syrup. His eyes widen as he realizes the truth. I clamp my hand over his mouth and nose hard, forcing him to swallow instead of spit. He tries to make himself vomit the stuff up, but its too late, hes already losing consciousness. Even as he fades away, I can see in his eyes what Ive done is unforgivable. I sit back on my heels and look at him with a mixture of sadness and satisfaction. A stray berry stains his chin and I wipe it away. Who cant lie, Peeta? I say, even though he cant hear me. It doesnt matter. The rest of Panem can.

21.

In the remaining hours before nightfall, I gather rocks and do my best to camouflage the opening of the cave. Its a slow and arduous process, but after a lot of sweating and shifting things around, Im pretty pleased with my work, The cave now appears to be part of a larger pile of rocks, like so many in the vicinity. I can still crawl in to Peeta through a small opening, but its undetectable from the out side.

Thats good, because Ill need to share that sleeping bag again tonight. Also, if I dont make it back from the feast, Peeta will be hidden but not entirely imprisoned. Although I doubt he can hang on much longer without medicine. If I die at the feast, District 12 isnt likely to have a victor. I make a meal out of the smaller, bonier fish that inhabit the stream down here, fill every water container and purify it, and clean my weapons. Ive nine arrows left in all. I debate leaving the knife with Peeta so hell have some protection while Im gone, but theres really no point. He was right about camouflage being his final defense. But I still might have use for the knife. Who knows what Ill encounter? Here are some things Im fairly certain of. That at least Cato, Clove, and Thresh will be on hand when the feast starts. Im not sure about Foxface since direct confrontation isnt her style or her forte. Shes even smaller than I am and unarmed, unless shes picked up some weapons recently. Shell probably be hanging somewhere nearby, seeing what she can scavenge. But the other three . . . Im going to have my hands full. My ability to kill at a distance is my greatest asset, but I know Ill have to go


right into the thick of things to get that backpack, the one with the number 12 on it that Claudius Templesmith mentioned. I watch the sky, hoping for one less opponent at dawn, but nobody appears tonight. Tomorrow there will be faces up there. Feasts always result in fatalities. I crawl into the cave, secure my glasses, and curl up next to Peeta. Luckily I had that good long sleep today. I have to stay awake. I dont really think anyone will attack our cave tonight, but I cant risk missing the dawn. So cold, so bitterly cold tonight. As if the Gamemakers have sent an infusion of frozen air across the arena, which may be exactly what theyve done. I lay next to Peeta in the bag, trying to absorb every bit of his fever heat. Its strange to be so physically close to someone whos so distant. Peeta might as well be back in the Capitol, or in District 12, or on the moon right now, hed be no harder to reach. Ive never felt lonelier since the Games began. Just accept it will be a bad night, I tell myself. I try not to, but I cant help thinking of my mother and Prim, wondering if theyll sleep a wink tonight. At this late stage in the Games, with an important event like the feast, school will probably be canceled. My family can either watch on that static-filled old clunker of a television at home or join the crowds in the square to

watch on the big, clear screens, Theyll have privacy at home but support in the square. People will give them a kind word, a bit of food if they can spare it. I wonder if the baker has sought them out, especially now that Peeta and I are a team, and made good on his promise to keep my sisters belly full. Spirits must be running high in District 12. We so rarely have anyone to root for at this point in the Games. Surely, people are excited about Peeta and me, especially now that were together. If I close my eyes, I can imagine their shouts at the screens, urging us on. I see their faces Greasy Sac and Madge and even the Peacekeepers who buy my meat cheering for us. And Gale. I know him. He wont be shouting and cheering. But hell be watching, every moment, every twist and turn, and willing me to come home. I wonder if hes hoping that Peeta makes it as well. Gales not my boyfriend, but would he be, if I opened that door? He talked about us running away together. Was that just a practical calculation of our chances of survival away from the district? Or something more? I wonder what he makes of all this kissing. Through a crack in the rocks, I watch the moon cross the sky. At what I judge to be about three hours before dawn, I begin final preparations. Im careful to leave Peeta with water and the medical kit right beside him. Nothing

else will be of much use if I dont return, and even these would only prolong his life a short time. After some debate, I strip him of his jacket and zip it on over my own. He doesnt need it. Not now in the sleeping bag with his fever, and during the day, if Im not there to remove it, hell be roasting in

it. My hands are already stiff from cold, so I take Rues spare pair of socks, cut holes for my fingers and thumbs, and pull them on. It helps anyway. I fill her small pack with some food, a water bottle, and bandages, tuck the knife in my belt, get my bow and arrows. Im about to leave when I remember the importance of sustaining the star-crossed lover routine and I lean over and give Peeta a long, lingering kiss. I imagine the teary sighs emanating from the Capitol and pretend to brush away a tear of my own. Then I squeeze through the opening in the rocks out into the night. My breath makes small white clouds as it hits the air. Its as cold as a November night at home. One where Ive slipped into the woods, lantern in hand, to join Gale at some prearranged place where well sit bundled together, sipping herb tea from metal flasks wrapped in quilting, hoping game will pass our way as the morning comes on. Oh,

Gale, I think. If only you had my back now . . . I move as fast as I dare. The glasses are quite remarkable, but I still sorely miss having the use of my left ear. I dont know what the explosion did, but it damaged something deep and irreparable. Never mind. If I get home, Ill be so stinking rich, Ill be able to pay someone to do my hearing. The woods always look different at night. Even with the glasses, everything has an unfamiliar slant to it. As if the daytime trees and flowers and stones had gone to bed and sent slightly more ominous versions of themselves to take their places. I dont try anything tricky, like taking a new route. I make my way back up the stream and follow the same path back to Rues hiding place near the lake. Along the way, I see no sign of another tribute, not a puff of breath, not a quiver of a branch. Either Im the first to arrive or the others positioned themselves last night. Theres still more than an hour, maybe two, when I wriggle into the underbrush and wait for the blood to begin to flow. I chew a few mint leaves, my stomach isnt up for much more. Thank goodness, I have Peetas jacket as well as my own. If not, Id be forced to move around to stay warm. The sky turns a misty morning gray and still theres no sign of the other tributes. Its not surprising really. Everyone has distinguished themselves either by

strength or deadliness or cunning. Do they suppose, I wonder, that I have Peeta with me? I doubt Foxface and Thresh even know he was wounded. All the better if they think hes covering me when I go in for the backpack. But where is it? The arena has lightened enough for me to remove my glasses. I can hear the morning birds singing. Isnt it time? For a second, Im panicked that Im at the wrong location. But no, Im certain I remember Claudius Templesmith specifying the Cornucopia. And there it is. And here I am. So wheres my feast? Just as the first ray of sun glints off the gold Cornucopia, theres a disturbance on the plain. The ground before the mouth of the horn splits in two and a round table with a snowy white

cloth rises into the arena. On the table sit four backpacks, two large black ones with the numbers 2 and 11, a medium-size green one with the number 5, and a tiny orange one really I could carry it around my wrist that must be marked with a 12. The table has just clicked into place when a figure darts out of the Cornucopia, snags the green backpack, and speeds off. Foxface! Leave it to her to come up with such a clever and risky idea! The rest of us are still poised around the plain, sizing up the

situation, and shes got hers. Shes got us trapped, too, because no one wants to chase her down, not while their own pack sits so vulnerable on the table. Foxface must have purposefully left the other packs alone, knowing that to steal one without her number would definitely bring on a pursuer. That should have been my strategy! By the lime Ive worked through the emotions of surprise, admiration, anger, jealousy, and frustration, Im watching that reddish mane of hair disappear into the trees well out of shooting range. Huh. Im always dreading the others, but maybe Foxface is the real opponent here. Shes cost me time, too, because by now its clear that I must get to the table next. Anyone who beats me to it will easily scoop up my pack and be gone. Without hesitation, I sprint for the table. I can sense the emergence of danger before I see it. Fortunately, the first knife comes whizzing in on my right side so I can hear it and Im able to deflect it with my bow. I turn, drawing back the bowstring and send an arrow straight at Cloves heart. She turns just enough to avoid a fatal hit, but the point punctures her upper left arm. Unfortunately, she throws with her right, but its enough to slow her down a few moments, having to pull the arrow from her arm, take in the severity of the wound. I keep moving, positioning

the next arrow automatically, as only someone who has hunted for years can do. Im at the table now, my fingers closing over the tiny orange backpack. My hand slips between the straps and I yank it up on my arm, its really too small to fit on any other part of my anatomy, and Im turning to fire again when the second knife catches me in the forehead. It slices above my right eyebrow, opening a gash that sends a gush running down my face, blinding my eye, filling my mouth with the sharp, metallic taste of my own blood. I stagger backward but still manage to send my readied arrow in the general direction of my assailant. I know as it leaves my hands it will miss. And then Clove slams into me, knocking me flat on my back, pinning my shoulders to the ground, with her knees. This is it, I think, and hope for Prims sake it will be fast. But Clove means to savor the moment. Even feels she has time. No doubt Cato is somewhere nearby, guarding her, waiting for Thresh and possibly Peeta. Wheres your boyfriend, District Twelve? Still hanging on? she asks. Well, as long as were talking Im alive. Hes out there now. Hunting Cato, I snarl at her. Then I scream at

the top of my lungs. Peeta! Clove jams her fist into my windpipe, very

effectively cutting off my voice. But her heads whipping from side to side, and I know for a moment shes at least considering Im telling the truth. Since no Peeta appears to save me, she turns back to me. Liar, she says with a grin. Hes nearly dead. Cato knows where he cut him. Youve probably got him strapped up in some tree while you try to keep his heart going. Whats in the pretty little backpack? That medicine for Lover Boy? Too bad hell never get it. Clove opens her jacket. Its lined with an impressive array of knives. She carefully selects an almost dainty-looking number with a cruel, curved blade. I promised Cato if he let me have you, Id give the audience a good show. Im struggling now in an effort to unseat her, but its no use. Shes too heavy and her lock on me too tight. Forget it, District Twelve. Were going to kill you. Just like we did your pathetic little ally . . . What was her name? The one who hopped around in the trees? Rue? Well, first Rue, then you, and then I think well just let nature take care of Lover Boy. How does that sound? Clove asks. Now, where to start? She carelessly wipes away the blood from my wound with her jacket sleeve. For a moment, she surveys my face, tilting it from side to side as if its a block of wood and shes deciding exactly what pattern to carve on it. I attempt to bite her hand, but she

grabs the hair on the top of my head, forcing me back to the ground. I think . . . She almost purrs. I think well start with your mouth. I clamp my teeth together as she teasingly traces the outline of my lips with the tip of the blade. I wont close my eyes. The comment about Rue has filled me with fury, enough fury I think to die with some dignity. As my last act of defiance, I will stare her down as long as I can see, which will probably not be an extended period of time, but I will stare her down, I will not cry out. I will die, in my own small way, undefeated. Yes, I dont think youll have much use for your lips anymore. Want to blow Lover Boy one last kiss? she asks, I work up a mouthful of blood and saliva and spit it in her face. She flushes with rage. All right then. Lets get started. I brace myself for the agony thats sure to follow. But as I feel the tip open the first cut at my lip, some great form yanks Clove from my body and then shes screaming. Im too stunned at first, too unable to process what has happened. Has Peeta somehow come to my rescue? Have the Gamemakers sent in some wild animal to add to the fun? Has a hovercraft inexplicably plucked her into the air? But when I push myself up on my numb arms, I see its none of the above. Clove is dangling a foot off the ground, imprisoned in Threshs arms. I let out a gasp,

seeing him like that, towering over me, holding Clove like a rag doll. I remember him as big, but he seems more massive, more powerful than I even recall. If anything, he seems to have gained weight in the arena. He flips

Clove around and flings her onto the ground. When he shouts, I jump, never having heard him speak above a mutter. Whatd you do to that little girl? You kill her? Clove is scrambling backward on all fours, like a frantic insect, too shocked to even call for Cato. No! No, it wasnt me! You said her name. I heard you. You kill her? Another thought brings a fresh wave of rage to his features. You cut her up like you were going to cut up this girl here? No! No, I Clove sees the stone, about the size of a small loaf of bread in Threshs hand and loses it. Cato! she screeches. Cato! Clove! I hear Catos answer, but hes too far away, I can tell that much, to do her any good. What was he doing? Trying to get Foxface or Peeta? Or had he been lying in wait for Thresh and just badly misjudged his location? Thresh brings the rock down hard against Cloves temple. Its not bleeding, but I can see the dent in her skull and I know that shes a goner. Theres still life in her now though, in the rapid rise and fall of her

chest, the low moan escaping her lips. When Thresh whirls around on me, the rock raised, I know its no good to run. And my bow is empty, the last loaded arrow having gone in Cloves direction. Im trapped in the glare of his strange golden brown eyes. Whatd she mean? About Rue being your ally? I I we teamed up. Blew up the supplies. I tried to save her, I did. But he got there first. District One, I say. Maybe if he knows I helped Rue, he wont choose some slow, sadistic end for me. And you killed him? he demands. Yes. I killed him. And buried her in flowers, I say. And I sang her to sleep. Tears spring in my eyes. The tension, the fight goes out of me at the memory. And Im overwhelmed by Rue, and the pain in my head, and my fear of Thresh, and the moaning of the dying girl a few feet away. To sleep? Thresh says gruffly. To death. I sang until she died, I say. Your district. . . They sent me bread. My hand reaches up but not for an arrow that I know Ill never reach. Just to wipe my nose. Do it fast, okay, Thresh? Conflicting emotions cross Threshs face. He lowers the rock and points at me, almost accusingly. Just this one time, I let you go. For the little girl. You and me, were even then. No more owed. You understand? I nod because I do understand. About owing. About hating it. I understand that if Thresh

wins, hell have to go back and face a district that has already broken all the rules to thank me, and he is breaking the rules to thank me, too. And I understand that, for the moment, Thresh is not going to smash in my skull. Clove! Catos voice is much nearer now. I can tell by the pain in it that he sees her on the ground. You better run now, Fire Girl, says Thresh. I dont need to be told twice. I flip over and my feet dip into the hard-packed earth as I run away from Thresh and Clove and the sound of Catos voice. Only when I reach the woods do I turn back for an instant. Thresh and both large backpacks are vanishing over the edge of the plain into the

area Ive never seen. Cato kneels beside Clove, spear in hand, begging her to stay with him. In a moment, he will realize its futile, she cant be saved. I crash into the trees, repeatedly swiping away the blood thats pouring into my eye, fleeing like the wild, wounded creature I am. After a few minutes, I hear the cannon and I know that Clove has died, that Cato will be on one of our trails. Either Threshs or mine. Im seized with terror, weak from my head wound, shaking. I load an arrow, but Cato can throw that spear almost as far as I can shoot. Only one thing calms me down. Thresh

has Catos backpack containing the thing he needs desperately. If I had to bet, Cato headed out after Thresh, not me. Still I dont slow down when I reach the water. I plunge right in, boots still on, and flounder downstream. I pull off Rues socks that Ive been using for gloves and press them into my forehead, trying to staunch the flow of blood, but theyre soaked in minutes. Somehow I make it back to the cave. I squeeze through the rocks. In the dappled light, I pull the little orange backpack from my arm, cut open the clasp, and dump the contents on the ground. One slim box containing one hypodermic needle. Without hesitating, I jam the needle into Peetas arm and slowly press down on the plunger. My hands go to my head and then drop to my lap, slick with blood. The last thing I remember is an exquisitely beautiful green-and-silver moth landing on the curve of my wrist.

22.

The sound of rain drumming on the roof of our house gently pulls me toward consciousness. I fight to return to sleep though, wrapped in a warm cocoon of

blankets, safe at home. Im vaguely aware that my head aches. Possibly I have the flu and this is why Im allowed to stay in bed, even though I can tell Ive been asleep a long time. My mothers hand strokes my cheek and I dont push it away as I would in wakefulness, never wanting her to know how much I crave that gentle touch. How much I miss her even though I still dont trust her. Then theres a voice, the wrong voice, not my mothers, and Im scared. Katniss, it says. Katniss, can you hear me? My eyes open and the sense of security vanishes. Im not home, not with my mother. Im in a dim, chilly cave, my bare feet freezing despite the cover, the air tainted with the unmistakable smell of blood. The haggard, pale face of a boy slides into view, and after an initial jolt of alarm, I feel better. Peeta. Hey, he says. Good to see your eyes again. How long have I been out? I ask. Not sure. I woke up yesterday evening and you were lying next to me in a very scary pool of blood, he says. I think its stopped finally, but I wouldnt sit up or anything. I gingerly lift my hand to my head and find it bandaged. This simple gesture leaves me weak and dizzy. Peeta holds a bottle to my lips and I drink thirstily. Youre better, I say. Much better. Whatever you shot into my arm did the trick, he says. By this morning, almost all the swelling in

my leg was gone. He

doesnt seem angry about my tricking him, drugging him, and running off to the feast. Maybe Im just too beat-up and Ill hear about it later when Im stronger. But for the moment, hes all gentleness. Did you eat? I ask. Im sorry to say I gobbled down three pieces of that groosling before I realized it might have to last a while. Dont worry, Im back on a strict diet, he says. No, its good. You need to eat. Ill go hunting soon, I say. Not too soon, all right? he says. You just let me take care of you for a while. I dont really seem to have much choice. Peeta feeds me bites of groosling and raisins and makes me drink plenty of water. He rubs some warmth back into my feet and wraps them in his jacket before tucking the sleeping bag back up around my chin. Your boots and socks are still damp and the weathers not helping much, he says. Theres a clap of thunder, and I see lightning electrify the sky through an opening in the rocks. Rain drips through several holes in the ceiling, but Peeta has built a sort of canopy over my head an upper body by wedging the square of plastic into the rock above me. I wonder what brought on this storm? I mean, whos the target? says Peeta.

Cato and Thresh, I say without thinking. Foxface will be in her den somewhere, and Clove . . . She cut me an then . . . My voice trails off. I know Cloves dead. I saw it in the sky last night, h says. Did you kill her? No. Thresh broke her skull with a rock, I say. Lucky he didnt catch you, too, says Peeta. The memory of the feast returns full-force and I feel sick. He did. But he let me go. Then, of course, I have to tell him. About things Ive kept to myself because he was too sick to ask and I wasnt ready to relive anyway. Like the explosion and my ear and Rues dying and the boy from District 1 and the bread. All of which leads to what happened with Thresh and how he was paying off a debt of sorts. He let you go because he didnt want to owe you anything? asks Peeta in disbelief. Yes. I dont expect you to understand it. Youve always had enough. But if youd lived in the Seam, I wouldnt have to explain, I say. And dont try. Obviously Im too dim to get it. Its like the bread. How I never seem to get over owing you for that, I say. The bread? What? From when we were kids? he says. I think we can let that go. I mean, you just brought me back from the dead. But you didnt know me. We had never even spoken. Besides, its the first gift thats always the hardest to pay back. I wouldnt even have been here to do it if you hadnt helped

me then, I say. Why did you, anyway? Why? You know why, Peeta says. I give my head a slight, painful shake. Haymitch said you would take a lot of convincing. Haymitch? I ask. Whats he got to do with it? Nothing, Peeta says. So, Cato and Thresh, huh? I guess its too much to hope that theyll simultaneously destroy each other? But the thought only upsets me. I think we would like Thresh. I think hed be our friend back in District Twelve, I say. Then lets hope Cato kills

him, so we dont have to, says Peeta grimly. I dont want Cato to kill Thresh at all. I dont want anyone else to die. But this is absolutely not the kind of thing that victors go around saying in the arena. Despite my best efforts, I can feel tears starting to pool in my eyes. Peeta looks at me in concern. What is it? Are you in a lot of pain? I give him another answer, because it is equally true but can be taken as a brief moment of weakness instead of a terminal one. I want to go home, Peeta, I say plaintively, like a small child. You will. I promise, he says, and bends over to give me a kiss. I want to go home now, I say. Tell you what. You go back to sleep and dream of home. And youll be there for real before you know it, lie says. Okay? Okay, I whisper.

Wake me if you need me to keep watch. Im good and rested, thanks to you and Haymitch. Besides, who knows how long this will last? he says. What does he mean? The storm? The brief respite ii brings us? The Games themselves? I dont know, but Im ion sad and tired to ask. Its evening when Peeta wakes me again. The rain has turned to a downpour, sending streams of water through our ceiling where earlier there had been only drips. Peeta has placed the broth pot under the worst one and repositioned the plastic to deflect most of it from me. I feel a bit better, able to sit up without getting too dizzy, and Im absolutely famished. So is Peeta. Its clear hes been waiting for me to wake up to eat and is eager to get started. Theres not much left. Two pieces of groosling, a small mishmash of roots, and a handful of dried fruit. Should we try and ration it? Peeta asks. No, lets just finish it. The grooslings getting old anyway, and the last thing we need is to get sick off spoiled food, I say, dividing the food into two equal piles. We try and eat slowly, but were both so hungry were done in a couple of minutes. My stomach is in no way satisfied. Tomorrows a hunting day, I say. I wont be much help with that, Peeta says. Ive never hunted before. Ill kill and you cook, I say. And you can always gather. I wish there was some sort of bread bush out there,

says Peeta. The bread they sent me from District Eleven was still warm, I say with a sigh. Here, chew these. I hand him a couple of mint leaves and pop a few in my own mouth. Its hard to even see the projection in the sky, but its clear enough to know there were no more deaths today. So Cato and Thresh havent had it out yet. Where did Thresh go? I mean, whats on the far side of the circle? I ask Peeta. A field. As far as you can see its full of grasses as high as my shoulders. I dont know, maybe some of them are grain. There are patches of different colors. But there are no paths, says Peeta. I bet some of them are grain. I bet Thresh knows which ones, too, I say. Did you go in there? No. Nobody really wanted to track Thresh down in that grass. It has a sinister feeling to it. Every time I look at that field, all I can think of are hidden things. Snakes, and

rabid animals, and quicksand, Peeta says. There could be anything in there. I dont say so but Peetas words remind me of the warnings they give us about not going beyond the fence in District 12. I cant help, for a moment, comparing him with Gale, who would see that field as a potential source of food as well as a threat. Thresh

certainly did. Its not that Peetas soft exactly, and hes proved hes not a coward. But there are things you dont question too much, I guess, when your home always smells like baking bread, whereas Gale questions everything. What would Peeta think of the irreverent banter that passes between us as we break the law each day? Would it shock him? The things we say about Panem? Gales tirades against the Capitol? Maybe there is a bread bush in that field, I say. Maybe thats why Thresh looks better fed now than when we started the Games. Either that or hes got very generous sponsors, says Peeta. I wonder what wed have to do to get Haymitch to send us some bread. I raise my eyebrows before I remember he doesnt know about the message Haymitch sent us a couple of nights ago. One kiss equals one pot of broth. Its not the sort of thing I can blurt out, either. To say my thoughts aloud would be tipping off the audience that the romance has been fabricated to play on their sympathies and that would result in no food at all. Somehow, believably, Ive got to get things back on track. Something simple to start with. I reach out and take his hand. Well, he probably used up a lot of resources helping me knock you out, I say mischievously. Yeah, about that, says Peeta, entwining his fingers in mine. Dont try something likethat again. Or what? I ask. Or . . . Or . . . He cant think of anything good. Just give me a minute. Whats the problem? I say with a grin. The problem is were both still alive. Which only reinforces the idea in your mind that you did the right thing, says Peeta. I did do the right thing, I say. No! Just dont, Katniss! His grip tightens, hurting my hand, and theres real anger in his voice. Dont die for me. You wont be doing me any favors. All right? Im startled by his intensity but recognize an excellent opportunity for getting food, so I try to keep up. Maybe I did it for myself, Peeta, did you ever think of that? Maybe you arent the only one who . . . Who worries about . . . What it would be like if. . . I fumble. Im not as smooth with words as Peeta. And while I was talking, the idea of actually losing Peeta hit me again and I realized how much I dont want him to die. And its not about the sponsors. And its not about what will happen back home. And its not just that I dont want to be alone. Its him. I do not want to lose the boy with the bread. If what, Katniss? he says softly. I wish I could pull the shutters closed, blocking out this moment from the prying eyes of Panem. Even if it means losing food. Whatever Im feeling, its no ones business but mine. Thats exactly the kind of topic Haymitch told me to steer clear of, I


say evasively, although Haymitch never said anything of the kind. In fact, hes probably cursing me out right now for dropping the ball during such an emotionally charged moment. But Peeta somehow catches it. Then Ill just have to fill in the blanks myself, he says, and moves in to me. This is the first kiss that were both fully aware of. Neither of us hobbled by sickness or pain or simply unconscious. Our lips neither burning with fever or icy cold. This is the first kiss where I actually feel stirring inside my chest. Warm and curious. This is the first kiss that makes me want another. But I dont get it. Well, I do get a second kiss, but its just a light one on the tip of my nose because Peetas been distracted. I think your wound is bleeding again. Come on, lie down, its bedtime anyway, he says. My socks are dry enough to wear now. I make Peeta put his jacket back on. The damp cold seems to cut right down to my bones, so he must be half frozen. I insist on taking the first watch, too, although neither of us think its likely anyone will come in this weather. But he wont agree unless Im in the bag, too, and Im shivering so hard that its pointless to object. In stark contrast to two nights ago, when I felt Peeta was a million miles away, Im struck by his immediacy now. As we settle in, he pulls my head down to use his arm as a pillow, the other restsprotectively over me even when he goes to sleep. No one has held me like this in such a long time. Since my father died and I stopped trusting my mother, no one elses arms have made me feel this safe. With the aid of the glasses, I lie watching the drips of water splatter on the cave floor. Rhythmic and lulling. Several times, I drift off briefly and then snap awake, guilty and angry with myself. After three or four hours, I cant help it, I have to rouse Peeta because I cant keep my eyes open. He doesnt seem to mind. Tomorrow, when its dry, Ill find us a place so high in the trees we can both sleep in peace, I promise as I drift off. But tomorrow is no better in terms of weather. The deluge continues as if the Gamemakers are intent on washing us all away. The thunders so powerful it seems to shake the ground. Peetas considering heading out anyway to scavenge for food, but I tell him in this storm it would be pointless. He wont be able to see three feet in front of his face and hell only end up getting soaked to the skin for his troubles. He knows Im right, but the gnawing in our stomachs is becoming painful. The day drags on turning into evening and theres no break in the weather. Haymitch is our only hope, but nothing is forthcoming, either from lack of money everything will cost an exorbitant amount or because hes

dissatisfied with our performance. Probably the latter. Id be the first to admit were not exactly riveting today. Starving, weak from injuries, trying not to reopen wounds. Were sitting huddled together wrapped in the sleeping bag, yes, but mostly to keep warm. The most exciting thing

either of us does is nap. Im not really sure how to ramp up the romance. The kiss last night was nice, but working up to another will take some forethought. There are girls in the Seam, some of the merchant girls, too, who navigate these waters so easily. But Ive never had much time or use for it. Anyway, just a kiss isnt enough anymore clearly because if it was wed have gotten food last night. My instincts tell me Haymitch isnt just looking for physical affection, he wants something more personal. The sort of stuff he was trying to get me to tell about myself when we were practicing for the interview. Im rotten at it, but Peetas not. Maybe the best approach is to get him talking. Peeta, I say lightly. You said at the interview youd had a crush on me forever. When did forever start? Oh, lets see. I guess the first day of school. We were five. You had on a red plaid dress and your hair . . . It was in two braids instead of one. My father pointed you out when we were waiting to line up, Peeta says. Your father? Why? I ask. He said, See that little girl? I wanted to marry her mother, but she ran off with a coal miner, Peeta says. What? Youre making that up! I exclaim. No, true story, Peeta says. And I said, A coal miner? Why did she want a coal miner if she couldve had you? And he said, Because when he sings . . . Even the birds stop to listen. Thats true. They do. I mean, they did, I say. Im stunned and surprisingly moved, thinking of the baker telling this to Peeta. It strikes me that my own reluctance to sing, my own dismissal of music might not really be that I think its a waste of time. It might be because it reminds me too much of my father. So that day, in music assembly, the teacher asked who knew the valley song. Your hand shot right up in the air. She stood you up on a stool and had you sing it for us. And I swear, every bird outside the windows fell silent, Peeta says. Oh, please, I say, laughing. No, it happened. And right when your song ended, I knew just like your mother I was a goner, Peeta says. Then for the next eleven years, I tried to work up the nerve to talk to you. Without success, I add. Without success. So, in a way, my name being drawn in the reaping was a real piece of luck, says Peeta. For a moment, Im almost foolishly

happy and then confusion sweeps over me. Because were supposed to be making up this stuff, playing at being in love not actually being in love. But Peetas story has a ring of truth to it. That part about my father and the birds. And I did sing the first day of school, although I dont remember the song. And that red plaid dress . . . There was one, a hand-me-down to Prim that got washed to rags after my fathers death. It would explain another thing, too. Why Peeta took a beating to give me the bread on that awful hollow day. So, if those details are true . . . Could it all be true? You have a . . . Remarkable memory, I say haltingly. I remember everything about you, says Peeta, tucking a loose strand of hair

behind my ear. Youre the one who wasnt paying attention. I am now, I say. Well, I dont have much competition here, he says. I want to draw away, to close those shutters again, but I know I cant. Its as if I can hear Haymitch whispering in my ear, Say it! Say it! I swallow hard and get the words out. You dont have much competition anywhere. And this time, its me who leans in. Our lips have just barely touched when the clunk outside makes us jump. My bow comes up, the arrow readyto fly, but theres no other sound. Peeta peers through the rocks and then gives a whoop. Before I can stop him, lies out in the rain, then handing something in to me. A silver parachute attached to a basket. I rip it open at once and inside theres a feast fresh rolls, goat cheese, apples, and best of all, a tureen of that incredible lamb stew on wild rice. The very dish I told Caesar Flickerman was the most impressive thing the Capitol had to offer. Peeta wriggles back inside, his face lit up like the sun. I guess Haymitch finally got tired of watching us starve. I guess so, I answer. But in my head I can hear Haymitchs smug, if slightly exasperated, words, Yes, thats what Im looking lot, sweetheart.

23.

Every cell in my body wants me to dig into the stew and cram it, handful by handful into my mouth. But Peetas voice stops me. We better take it slow on that stew. Remember the first night on the train? The rich food made me sick and I wasnt even starving then. Youre right. And I could just inhale the whole thing! I say

regretfully. But I dont. We are quite sensible. We each have a roll, half an apple, and an egg-size serving of stew and rice. I make myself eat the stew in tiny spoonfuls they even sent us silverware and plates savoring each bite. When we finish, I stare longingly at the dish. I want more. Me, too. Tell you what. We wait an hour, if it stays down, then we get another serving, Peeta says. Agreed, I say. Its going to be a long hour. Maybe not that long, says Peeta. What was that you were saying just before the food arrived? Something about me . . . No competition . . . Best thing that ever happened to you . . . I dont remember that last part, I say, hoping its too dim in here for the cameras to pick up my blush. Oh, thats right. Thats what I was thinking, he says. Scoot over, Im freezing. I make room for him in the sleeping bag. We lean back against the cave wall, my head on his shoulder, his arms wrapped around me. I can feel Haymitch nudging me to keep up the act. So, since we were five, you never even noticed any other girls? I ask him. No, I noticed just about every girl, but none of them made a lasting impression but you, he says. Im sure that would thrill your parents, you liking a girl from the Seam, I say. Hardly. But I couldnt care less. Anyway, if we make it back, you wont be a girl from the Seam, youll be a girl from the

Victors Village, he says. Thats right. If we win, well each get a house in the part of town reserved for Hunger Games victors. Long ago,

when the Games began, the Capitol had built a dozen fine houses in each district. Of course, in ours only one is occupied. Most of the others have never been lived in at all. A disturbing thought hits me. But then, our only neighbor will be Haymitch! Ah, thatll be nice, says Peeta, tightening his arms around me. You and me and Haymitch. Very cozy. Picnics, birthdays, long winter nights around the fire retelling old Hunger Games tales. I told you, he hates me! I say, but I cant help laughing at the image of Haymitch becoming my new pal. Only sometimes. When hes sober, Ive never heard him say one negative thing about you, says Peeta. Hes never sober! I protest. Thats right. Who am I thinking of? Oh, I know. Its Cinna who likes you. But thats mainly because you didnt try to run when he set you on fire, says Peeta. On the other hand, Haymitch . . . Well, if I were you, Id avoid Haymitch completely. He hates you. I thought you said I was his favorite, I say. He hates me more, says Peeta. I dont think people in general are his sort of thing. I know the

audience will enjoy our having fun at Haymitchs expense. He has been around so long, hes practically an old friend to some of them. And after his head-dive off the stage at the reaping, everybody knows him. By this time, theyll have dragged him out of the control room for interviews about us. No telling what sort of lies hes made up. Hes at something of a disadvantage because most mentors have a partner, another victor to help them whereas Haymitch has to be ready to go into action at any moment. Kind of like me when I was alone in the arena. I wonder how hes holding up, with the drinking, the attention, and the stress of trying to keep us alive. Its funny. Haymitch and I dont get along well in person, but maybe Peeta is right about us being alike because he seems able to communicate with me by the timing of his gifts. Like how I knew I must be close to water when he withheld it and how I knew the sleep syrup just wasnt something to ease Peetas pain and how I know now that I have to play up the romance. He hasnt made much effort to connect with Peeta really. Perhaps he thinks a bowl of broth would just be a bowl of broth to Peeta, whereas Ill see the strings attached to it. A thought hits me, and Im amazed the questions taken so long to surface. Maybe its because Ive only recently begun to view Haymitch with

a degree of curiosity. How do you think he did it? Who? Did what? Peeta asks. Haymitch. How do you think he won the Games? I say. Peeta considers this quite a while before he answers. Haymitch is sturdily built, but no physical wonder like Cato or Thresh. Hes not particularly handsome. Not in the way that causes sponsors to rain gifts on you. And hes so surly, its hard to imagine anyone teaming up with him. Theres only one way Haymitch could have won, and Peeta says it just as Im reaching this conclusion myself. He outsmarted the others, says Peeta. I nod, then let the conversation drop. But secretly

Im wondering if Haymitch sobered up long enough to help Peeta and me because he thought we just might have the wits to survive. Maybe he wasnt always a drunk. Maybe, in the beginning, he tried to help the tributes. But then it got unbearable. It must be hell to mentor two kids and then watch them die. Year after year after year. I realize that if I get out of here, that will become my job. To mentor the girl from District 12. The idea is so repellent, I thrust it from my mind. About half an hour has passed before I decide I have to eat again. Peetas too hungry himself to

put up an argument. While Im dishing up two more small servings of lamb stew and rice, we hear the anthem begin to play. Peeta presses his eyes against a crack in the rocks to watch the sky. There wont be anything to see tonight, I say, far more interested in the stew than the sky. Nothings happened or we wouldve heard a cannon. Katniss, Peeta says quietly. What? Should we split another roll, too? I ask. Katniss, he repeats, but I find myself wanting to ignore him. Im going to split one. But Ill save the cheese for tomorrow, I say. I see Peeta staring at me. What? Thresh is dead, says Peeta. He cant be, I say. They must have fired the cannon during the thunder and we missed it, says Peeta. Are you sure? I mean, its pouring buckets out there. I dont know how you can see anything, I say. I push him away from the rocks and squint out into the dark, rainy sky. For about ten seconds, I catch a distorted glimpse of Threshs picture and then hes gone. Just like that. I slump down against the rocks, momentarily forgetting about the task at hand. Thresh dead. I should be happy, right? One less tribute to face. And a powerful one, too. But Im not happy. All I can think about is Thresh letting me go, letting me run because of Rue, who died with that spear in her stomach. . . . You all right? asks Peeta. I give a noncommittal

shrug and cup my elbows in my hands, hugging them close to my body. I have to bury the real pain because whos going to bet on a tribute who keeps sniveling over the deaths of her opponents. Rue was one thing. We were allies. She was so young. But no one will understand my sorrow at Threshs murder. The word pulls me up short. Murder! Thankfully, I didnt say it aloud. Thats not going to win me any points in the arena. What I do say is, Its just . . . If we didnt win . . . I wanted Thresh to. Because he let me go. And because of Rue. Yeah, I know, says Peeta. But this means were one step closer to District Twelve. He nudges a plate of foot into my hands. Eat. Its still warm. I take a bite of the stew to show I dont really care, but its like glue in my mouth and takes a lot of effort to swallow. It also means Cato will be back hunting us. And hes got supplies again, says Peeta. Hell be wounded, I bet, I say. What makes you say that? Peeta asks. Because Thresh would have never gone down without a fight. Hes so strong, I mean, he was. And they were in his territory, I say.

Good, says Peeta. The more wounded Cato is the better. I wonder how Foxface is making out. Oh, shes fine, I say peevishly. Im still angry she thought of hiding in

the Cornucopia and I didnt. Probably be easier to catch Cato than her. Maybe theyll catch each other and we can just go home, says Peeta. But we better be extra careful about the watches. I dozed off a few times. Me, too, I admit. But not tonight. We finish our food in silence and then Peeta offers to take the first watch. I burrow down in the sleeping bag next to him, pulling my hood up over my face to hide it from the cameras. I just need a few moments of privacy where I can let any emotion cross my face without being seen. Under the hood, I silently say good-bye to Thresh and thank him for my life. I promise to remember him and, if I can, do something to help his family and Rues, if I win. Then I escape into sleep, comforted by a full belly and the steady warmth of Peeta beside me. When Peeta wakes me later, the first thing I register is the smell of goat cheese. Hes holding out half a roll spread with the creamy white stuff and topped with apple slices. Dont be mad, he says. I had to eat again. Heres your half. Oh, good, I say, immediately taking a huge bite. The strong fatty cheese tastes just like the kind Prim makes, the apples are sweet and crunchy. Mm. We make a goat cheese and apple tart at the bakery, he says. Bet thats expensive, I say. Too expensive for my family to eat. Unless its gone very stale. Of course,

practically everything we eat is stale, says Peeta, pulling the sleeping bag up around him. In less than a minute, hes snoring. Huh. I always assumed the shopkeepers live a soft life. And its true, Peeta has always had enough to eat. But theres something kind of depressing about living your life on stale bread, the hard, dry loaves that no one else wanted. One thing about us, since I bring our food home on a daily basis, most of it is so fresh you have to make sure it isnt going to make a run for it. Somewhere during my shift, the rain stops not gradually but all at once. The downpour ends and theres only the residual drippings of water from branches, the rush of the now overflowing stream below us. A full, beautiful moon emerges, and even without the glasses I can see outside. I cant decide if the moon is real or merely a projection of the Gamemakers. I know it was full shortly before I left home. Gale and I watched it rise as we hunted into the late hours. How long have I been gone? Im guessing its been about two weeks in the arena, and there was that week of preparation in the Capitol. Maybe the moon has completed its cycle. For some reason, I badly want it to be my moon, the same one I see from the woods around District 12. That would give me something to cling to in the surreal world of the arena

where the authenticity of everything is to be doubted. Four of us left. For the first time, I allow myself to truly think about the possibility that I might make it home.

To fame. To wealth. To my own house in the Victors Village. My mother and Prim would live there with me. No more fear of hunger. A new kind of freedom. But then . . . What? What would my life be like on a daily basis? Most of it has been consumed with the acquisition of food. Take that away and Im not really sure who I am, what my identity is. The idea scares me some. I think of Haymitch, with all his money. What did his life become? He lives alone, no wife or children, most of his waking hours drunk. I dont want to end up like that. But you wont be alone, I whisper to myself. I have my mother and Prim. Well, for the time being. And then . . . I dont want to think about then, when Prim has grown up, my mother passed away. I know Ill never marry, never risk bringing a child into the world. Because if theres one thing being a victor doesnt guarantee, its your childrens safety. My kids names would go right into the reaping balls with everyone elses. And I swear Ill never let that happen. The sun eventually rises, its light slipping through the cracks and illuminating Peetas face. Who will he transform into if we make it home? This perplexing, good-natured boy who can spin out lies so convincingly the whole of Panem believes him to be hopelessly in love with me, and Ill admit it, there are moments when he makes me believe it myself? At least, well be friends, I think. Nothing will change the fact that weve saved each others lives in here. And beyond that, he will always be the boy with the bread. Good friends. Anything beyond that though . . . And I feel Gales gray eyes watching me watching Peeta, all the way from District 12. Discomfort causes me to move. I scoot over and shake Peetas shoulder. His eyes open sleepily and when they focus on me, he pulls me down for a long kiss. Were wasting hunting time, I say when I finally break away. I wouldnt call it wasting, he says giving a big stretch as he sits up. So do we hunt on empty stomachs to give us an edge? Not us, I say. We stuff ourselves to give us staying power. Count me in, Peeta says. But I can see hes surprised when I divide the rest of the stew and rice and hand a heaping plate to him. All this? Well earn it back today, I say, and we both plow into our plates. Even cold, its one of the best things Ive ever tasted. I abandon my fork and scrape up the last dabs of gravy with my finger. I can feel Effie Trinket shuddering at my manners. Hey,

Effie, watch this! says Peeta. He tosses his fork over his shoulder and literally licks his plate clean with his tongue making loud, satisfied sounds. Then he blows a kiss out to her in general and calls, We miss you, Effie! I cover his mouth with my hand, but Im laughing. Stop! Cato could be right outside our cave. He grabs my hand away. What do I care? Ive got you to protect me now, says Peeta, pulling me to him. Come on, I say in exasperation, extricating myself from his grasp but not before he gets in another kiss. Once were packed up and standing

outside our cave, our mood shifts to serious. Its as though for the last few days, sheltered by the rocks and the rain and Catos preoccupation with Thresh, we were given a respite, a holiday of sorts. Now, although the day is sunny and warm, we both sense were really back in the Games. I hand Peeta my knife, since whatever weapons he once had are long gone, and he slips it into his belt. My last seven arrows of the twelve I sacrificed three in the explosion, two at the feast rattle a bit too loosely in the quiver. I cant afford to lose any more. Hell be hunting us by now, says Peeta. Cato isnt one to wait for his prey to wander by. If hes wounded I begin. It wont matter,Peeta breaks in. If he can move, hes coming. With all the rain, the stream has overrun its banks by several feet on either side. We stop there to replenish our water. I check the snares I set days ago and come up empty. Not surprising with the weather. Besides, I havent seen many animals or signs of them in this area. If we want food, we better head back up to my old hunting grounds, I say. Your call. Just tell me what you need me to do, Peeta says. Keep an eye out, I say. Stay on the rocks as much as possible, no sense in leaving him tracks to follow. And listen for both of us. Its clear, at this point, that the explosion destroyed the hearing in my left ear for good. Id walk in the water to cover our tracks completely, but Im not sure Peetas leg could take the current. Although the drugs have erased the infection, hes still pretty weak. My forehead hurts along the knife cut, but after three days the bleeding has stopped. I wear a bandage around my head though, just in case physical exertion should bring it back. As we head up alongside the stream, we pass the place where I found Peeta camouflaged in the weeds and mud. One good thing, between the downpour and the flooded banks, all signs of his hiding place have been wiped out. That means that, if need be, we can come back to our cave. Otherwise, I wouldnt risk

it with Cato after us. The boulders diminish to rocks that eventually turn to pebbles, and then, to my relief, were back on pine needles and the gentle incline of the forest floor. For the first time, I realize we have a problem. Navigating the rocky terrain with a bad leg well, youre naturally going to make some noise. But even on the smooth bed of needles, Peeta is loud. And I mean loud loud, as if hes stomping his feet or something. I turn and look at him. What? he asks. Youve got to move more quietly, I say. Forget about Cato, youre chasing off every rabbit in a ten-mile radius. Really? he says. Sorry, I didnt know. So, we start up again and hes a tiny bit better, but even with only one working ear, hes making me jump. Can you take your boots off? I suggest. Here? he asks in disbelief, as if Id asked him to walk barefoot on hot coals or something. I have to remind myself that hes still not used to the woods, that its the scary, forbidden place beyond the fences of

District 12. I think of Gale, with his velvet tread. Its eerie how little sound he makes, even when the leaves have fallen and its a challenge to move at all without chasing off the game. I feel certain hes laughing back home. Yes, I say patiently. I will, too. That way well both be quieter. Like I was making any noise. So we both strip off our boots and socks and, while theres some improvement, I could swear hes making an effort to snap every branch we encounter. Needless to say, although it takes several hours to reach my old camp with Rue, Ive shot nothing. If the stream would settle down, fish might be an option, but the current is still too strong. As we stop to rest and drink water, I try to work out a solution. Ideally, Id dump Peeta now with some simple root-gathering chore and go hunt, but then hed be left with only a knife to defend himself against Catos spears and superior strength. So what Id really like is to try and conceal him somewhere safe, then go hunt, and come back and collect him. But I have a feeling his ego isnt going to go for that suggestion. Katniss, he says. We need to split up. I know Im chasing away the game. Only because your legs hurt, I say generously, because really, you can tell thats only a small part of the problem. I know, he says. So, why dont you go on? Show me some plants to gather and that way well both be useful. Not if Cato comes and kills you. I tried to say it in a nice way, but it still sounds like I think hes a weakling. Surprisingly, he just laughs. Look, I can handle Cato. I fought him before, didnt I? Yeah, and that turned

out great. You ended up dying in a mud bank. Thats what I want to say, but I cant. He did save my life by taking on Cato after all. I try another tactic. What if you climbed up in a tree and acted as a lookout while I hunted? I say, trying to make it sound like very important work. What if you show me whats edible around here and go get us some meat? he says, mimicking my tone. Just dont go far, in case you need help. I sigh and show him some roots to dig. We do need food, no question. One apple, two rolls, and a blob of cheese the size of a plum wont last long. Ill just go a short distance and hope Cato is a long way off. I teach him a bird whistle not a melody like Rues but a simple two-note whistle which we can use to communicate that were all right. Fortunately, hes good at this. Leaving him with the pack, I head off. I feel like Im eleven again, tethered not to the safety of the fence but to Peeta, allowing myself twenty, maybe thirty yards of hunting space. Away from him though, the woods come alive with animal sounds. Reassured by his periodic whistles, I allow myself to drift farther away, and soon have two rabbits and a fat squirrel to show for it. I decide its enough. I can set snares and maybe get some fish. With Peetas roots, this will be enough for now. As I travel the short distance back, I realize we havent

exchanged signals in a while. When my whistle receives no

response, I run. In no time, I find the pack, a neat pile of roots beside it. The sheet of plastic has been laid on the ground where the sun can reach the single layer of berries that covers it. But where is he? Peeta! I call out in a panic. Peeta! I turn to the rustle of brush and almost send an arrow through him. Fortunately, I pull my bow at the last second and it sticks in an oak trunk to his left. He jumps back, flinging a handful of berries into the foliage. My fear comes out as anger. What are you doing? Youre supposed to be here, not running around in the woods! I found some berries down by the stream, he says, clearly confused by my outburst. I whistled. Why didnt you whistle back? I snap at him. I didnt hear. The waters too loud, I guess, he says. He crosses and puts his hands on my shoulders. Thats when I feel that Im trembling. I thought Cato killed you! I almost shout. No, Im fine. Peeta wraps his arms around me, but I dont respond. Katniss? I push away, trying to sort out my feelings. If two people agree on a signal, they stay in range. Because if one of them doesnt answer, theyre in trouble, all right? All right! he says. All right. Because thats what happened with Rue,

and I watched her die! I say. I turn away from him, go to the pack and open a fresh bottle of water, although I still have some in mine. But Im not ready to forgive him. I notice the food. The rolls and apples are untouched, but someones definitely picked away part of the cheese. And you ate without me! I really dont care, I just want something else to be mad about. What? No, I didnt, Peeta says. Oh, and I suppose the apples ate the cheese, I say. I dont know what ate the cheese, Peeta says slowly and distinctly, as if trying not to lose his temper, but it wasnt me. Ive been down by the stream collecting berries. Would you care for some? I would actually, but I dont want to relent too soon. I do walk over and look at them. Ive never seen this type before. No, I have. But not in the arena. These arent Rues berries, although they resemble them. Nor do they match any I learned about in training. I lean down and scoop up a few, rolling them between my fingers. My fathers voice comes back to me. Not these, Katniss. Never these. Theyre nightlock. Youll be dead before they reach your stomach. Just then, the cannon fires. I whip around, expecting Peeta to collapse to the ground, but he only raises his eyebrows. The hovercraft appears a hundred yards or so away. Whats left of Foxfaces emaciated body is lifted into the air.

I can see the red glint of her hair in the sunlight. I should have known the moment I saw the missing cheese. . . . Peeta has me by the arm, pushing me toward a tree. Climb. Hell be here in a second. Well stand a better chance fighting him from above. I stop him, suddenly calm. No, Peeta, shes your kill, not Catos. What? I havent even seen her since the first day, he says. How could I have killed her? In answer, I hold out the berries.

24.

It takes a while to

explain the situation to Peeta. How Foxface stole the food from the supply pile before I blew it up, how she tried to take enough to stay alive but not enough that anyone would notice it, how she wouldnt question the safety of berries we were preparing to eat ourselves. I wonder how she found us, says Peeta. My fault, I guess, if Im as loud as you say. We were about as hard to follow as a herd of cattle, but I try

to be kind. And shes very clever, Peeta. Well, she was. Until you outfoxed her. Not on purpose. Doesnt seem fair somehow. I mean, we would have both been dead, too, if she hadnt eaten the berries first. He checks himself. No, of course, we wouldnt. You recognized them, didnt you? I give a nod. We call them nightlock. Even the name sounds deadly, he says. Im sorry, Katniss. I really thought they were the same ones youd gathered. Dont apologize. It just means were one step closer to home, right? I ask. Ill get rid of the rest, Peeta says. He gathers up the sheet of blue plastic, careful to trap the berries inside, and goes to toss them into the woods. Wait! I cry. I find the leather pouch that belonged to the boy from District 1 and fill it with a few handfuls of berries from the plastic. If they fooled Foxface, maybe they can fool Cato as well. If hes chasing us or something, we can act like we accidentally drop the pouch and if he eats them Then hello District Twelve, says Peeta. Thats it, I say, securing the pouch to my belt. Hell know where we are now, says Peeta. If he was anywhere nearby and saw that hovercraft, hell know we killed her and come after us. Peetas right. This could be just the opportunity Catos been waiting for. But even if we run now, theres the meat to cook and our fire will be another sign of our whereabouts. Lets make a fire. Right

now. I begin to gather branches and brush. Are you ready to face him? Peeta asks. Im ready to eat. Better to cook our food while we have the chance. If he knows were here, he knows. But he also knows theres two of us and probably assumes we were hunting Foxface. That means youre recovered. And the fire means were not hiding, were inviting him here. Would you show up? I ask. Maybe not, he says. Peetas a whiz with fires, coaxing a blaze out of the damp wood. In no time, I have the rabbits and squirrel roasting, the roots, wrapped in leaves, baking in the coals. We take turns gathering greens and keeping a careful watch for Cato, but as I anticipated, he doesnt make an appearance. When the foods cooked, I pack most of it up, leaving us each a rabbits leg to eat as we walk. I want to move higher into the woods, climb a good tree, and make camp for the night, but Peeta resists. I cant climb like you, Katniss, especially with my leg, and I dont think I could ever fall asleep fifty feet above the ground. Its not safe to stay in the open, Peeta, I say. Cant we go back to the cave? he asks. Its near water and easy to defend. I sigh. Several more hours of walking or should I say crashing through


the woods to reach an area well just have to leave in the morning to hunt. But Peeta doesnt ask for much. Hes followed my instructions all day and Im sure if things were reversed, he wouldnt make me spend the night in a tree. It dawns on me that I havent been very nice to Peeta today. Nagging him about how loud he was, screaming at him over disappearing. The playful romance we had sustained in the cave has disappeared out in the open, under the hot sun, with the threat of Cato looming over us. Haymitch has probably just about had it with me. And as for the audience . . . I reach up and give him a kiss. Sure. Lets go back to the cave. He looks pleased and relieved. Well, that was easy. I work my arrow out of the oak, careful not to damage the shaft. These arrows are food, safety, and life itself now. We toss a bunch more wood on the fire. It should be sending off smoke for a few more hours, although I doubt Cato assumes anything at this point. When we reach the stream, I see the water has dropped considerably and moves at its old leisurely pace, so I suggest we walk back in it. Peetas happy to oblige and since hes a lot quieter in water than on land, its a doubly good idea. Its a long walk back to the cave though, even going downward, even with the rabbit to give us a boost. Were both exhausted by our

hike today and still way too underfed. I keep my bow loaded, both for Cato and any fish I might see, but the stream seems strangely empty of creatures. By the time we reach our destination, our feet are dragging and the sun sits low on the horizon. We fill up our water bottles and climb the little slope to our den. Its not much, but out here in the wilderness, its the closest thing we have to a home. It will be warmer than a tree, too, because it provides some shelter from the wind that has begun to blow steadily in from the west. I set a good dinner out, but halfway through Peeta begins to nod off. After days of inactivity, the hunt has taken its toll. I order him into the sleeping bag and set aside the rest of his food for when he wakes. He drops off immediately. I pull the sleeping bag up to his chin and kiss his forehead, not for the audience, but for me. Because Im so grateful that hes still here, not dead by the stream as Id thought. So glad that I dont have to face Cato alone. Brutal, bloody Cato who can snap a neck with a twist of his arm, who had the power to overcome Thresh, who has had it out for me since the beginning. He probably has had a special hatred for me ever since I outscored him in training. A boy like Peeta would simply shrug that off. But I have a feeling it drove Cato to distraction. Which is not that hard. I

think of his ridiculous reaction to finding the supplies blown up. The others were upset, of course, but he was completely unhinged. I wonder now if Cato might not be entirely sane. The sky lights up with the seal, and I watch Foxface shine in the sky and then disappear from the world forever. He hasnt said it, but I

dont think Peeta felt good about killing her, even if it was essential. I cant pretend Ill miss her, but I have to admire her. My guess is if they had given us some sort of test, she would have been the smartest of all the tributes. If, in fact, we had been setting a trap for her, I bet shed have sensed it and avoided the berries. It was Peetas own ignorance that brought her down. Ive spent so much time making sure I dont underestimate my opponents that Ive forgotten its just as dangerous to overestimate them as well. That brings me back to Cato. But while I think I had a sense of Foxface, who she was and how she operated, hes a little more slippery. Powerful, well trained, but smart? I dont know. Not like she was. And utterly lacking in the control Foxface demonstrated. I believe Cato could easily lose his judgment in a fit of temper. Not that I can feel superior on that point. I think of the moment I sent the arrow flying into the apple in the pigs mouth when I was so enraged. Maybe I do understand Cato better than I think. Despite the fatigue in my body, my minds alert, so I let Peeta sleep long past our usual switch. In fact, a soft gray day has begun when I shake his shoulder. He looks out, almost in alarm. I slept the whole night. Thats not fair, Katniss, you should have woken me. I stretch and burrow down into the bag. Ill sleep now. Wake me if anything interesting happens. Apparently nothing does, because when I open my eyes, bright hot afternoon light gleams through the rocks. Any sign of our friend? I ask. Peeta shakes his head. No, hes keeping a disturbingly low profile. How long do you think well have before the Gamemakers drive us together? I ask. Well, Foxface died almost a day ago, so theres been plenty of time for the audience to place bets and get bored. I guess it could happen at any moment, says Peeta. Yeah, I have a feeling todays the day, I say. I sit up and look out at the peaceful terrain. I wonder how theyll do it. Peeta remains silent. Theres not really any good answer. Well, until they do, no sense in wasting a hunting day. But we should probably eat as much as we can hold just in case we run into trouble, I say. Peeta packs up our gear while I lay out a big meal. The rest of the rabbits, roots,

greens, the rolls spread with the last bit of cheese. The only thing I leave in reserve is the squirrel and the apple. By the time were done, all thats left is a pile of rabbit bones. My hands are greasy, which only adds to my growing feeling of grubbiness. Maybe we dont bathe daily in the Seam, but we keep cleaner than I have of late. Except for my feet, which have walked in the stream, Im covered in a layer of grime. Leaving the cave has a sense of finality about it. I dont think there will be another night in the arena somehow. One way or the other, dead or alive, I have the feeling Ill escape it today. I give the rocks a pat good-bye and we head down to the stream to wash up. I can feel my skin, itching for the cool water. I

may do my hair and braid it back wet. Im wondering if we might even be able to give our clothes a quick scrub when we reach the stream. Or what used to be the stream. Now theres only a bone-dry bed. I put my hand down to feel it. Not even a little damp. They must have drained it while we slept, I say. A fear of the cracked tongue, aching body and fuzzy mind brought on by my previous dehydration creeps into my consciousness. Our bottles and skin are fairly full, but with two drinking and this hot sun it wont take long to deplete them. The lake, says Peeta. Thats where they want us to go. Maybe the ponds still have some, I say hopefully. We can check, he says, but hes just humoring me. Im humoring myself because I know what Ill find when we return to the pond where I soaked my leg. A dusty, gaping mouth of a hole. But we make the trip anyway just to confirm what we already know. Youre right. Theyre driving us to the lake, I say. Where theres no cover. Where theyre guaranteed a bloody fight to the death with nothing to block their view. Do you want to go straightaway or wait until the waters tapped out? Lets go now, while weve had food and rest. Lets just go end this thing, he says. I nod. Its funny. I feel almost as if its the first day of the Games again. That Im in the same position. Twenty-one tributes are dead, but I still have yet to kill Cato. And really, wasnt he always the one to kill? Now it seems the other tributes were just minor obstacles, distractions, keeping us from the real battle of the Games. Cato and me. But no, theres the boy waiting beside me. I feel his arms wrap around me. Two against one. Should be a piece of cake, he says. Next time we eat, it will be in the Capitol, I answer. You bet it will, he says. We stand there a while, locked in an embrace, feeling each other, the sunlight, the rustle of the

leaves at our feet. Then without a word, we break apart and head for the lake. I dont care now that Peetas footfalls send rodents scurrying, make birds take wing. We have to fight Cato and Id just as soon do it here as on the plain. But I doubt Ill have that choice. If the Gamemakers want us in the open, then in the open we will be. We stop to rest for a few moments under the tree where the Careers trapped me. The husk of the tracker jacker nest, beaten to a pulp by the heavy rains and dried in the burning sun, confirms the location. I touch it with the tip of my boot, and it dissolves into dust that is quickly carried off by the breeze. I cant help looking up in the tree where Rue secretly perched, waiting to save my life. Tracker jackers. Glimmers bloated body. The terrifying hallucinations . . . Lets move on, I say, wanting to escape the darkness that surrounds this place. Peeta doesnt object. Given our late start to the day, when we reach the plain its already early evening. Theres no sign of Cato. No sign of anything except the gold Cornucopia glowing in the slanting sun rays. Just in case Cato decided to pull a Foxface on

us, we circle the Cornucopia to make sure its empty. Then obediently, as if following instructions, we cross to the lake and fill our water containers. I frown at the shrinking sun. We dont want to fight him after dark. Theres only the one pair of glasses. Peeta carefully squeezes drops of iodine into the water. Maybe thats what hes waiting for. What do you want to do? Go back to the cave? Either that or find a tree. But lets give him another half an hour or so. Then well take cover, I answer. We sit by the lake, in full sight. Theres no point in hiding now. In the trees at the edge of the plain, I can see the mockingjays flitting about. Bouncing melodies back and forth between them like brightly colored balls. I open my mouth and sing out Rues four-note run. I can feel them pause curiously at the sound of my voice, listening for more. I repeat the notes in the silence. First one mockingjay trills the tune back, then another. Then the whole world comes alive with the sound. Just like your father, says Peeta. My fingers find the pin on my shirt. Thats Rues song, I say. I think they remember it. The music swells and I recognize the brilliance of it. As the notes overlap, they compliment one another, forming a lovely, unearthly harmony. It was this sound then, thanks to Rue, that sent the orchard workers of District 11 home each night. Does someone start it at quitting time, I wonder, now that she is dead?

For a while, I just close my eyes and listen, mesmerized by the beauty of the song. Then something begins to disrupt the music. Runs cut off in jagged, imperfect lines. Dissonant notes intersperse with the melody. The mockingjays voices rise up in a shrieking cry of alarm. Were on our feet, Peeta wielding his knife, me poised to shoot, when Cato smashes through the trees and bears down on us. He has no spear. In fact, his hands are empty, yet he runs straight for us. My first arrow hits his chest and inexplicably falls aside. Hes got some kind of body armor! I shout to Peeta. Just in time, too, because Cato is upon us. I brace myself, but he rockets right between us with no attempt to check his speed. I can tell from his panting, the sweat pouring off his purplish face, that hes been running hard a long time. Not toward us. From something. But what? My eyes scan the woods just in time to see the first creature leap onto the plain. As Im turning away, I see another half dozen join it. Then I am stumbling blindly after Cato with no thought of anything but to save myself.

25.Muttations. No question about it. Ive never seen these mutts, but theyre no natural-born animals. They resemble huge wolves, but what wolf lands and then balances easily on its hind legs? What wolf waves the rest of the pack forward with its front paw as though it had a wrist? These things I can see at a distance. Up close, Im sure their more menacing attributes will be revealed. Cato has made a beeline for the Cornucopia, and without question I follow him. If he thinks its the

safest place, who am I to argue? Besides, even if I could make it to the trees, it would be impossible for Peeta to outrun them on that leg Peeta! My hands have just landed on the metal at the pointed tail of the Cornucopia when I remember Im part of a team. Hes about fifteen yards behind me, hobbling as fast as he can, but the mutts are closing in on him fast. I send an arrow into the pack and one goes down, but there are plenty to take its place. Peetas waving me up the horn, Go, Katniss! Go! Hes right. I cant protect either of us on the ground. I start climbing, scaling the Cornucopia on my hands and feet. The pure gold surface has been designed to resemble the woven horn that we fill at harvest, so there are little ridges and seams to get a decent hold

on. But after a day in the arena sun, the metal feels hot enough to blister my hands. Cato lies on his side at the very top of the horn, twenty feet above the ground, gasping to catch his breath as he gags over the edge. Nows my chance to finish him off. I stop midway up the horn and load another arrow, but just as Im about to let it fly, I hear Peeta cry out. I twist around and see hes just reached the tail, and the mutts are right on his heels. Climb! I yell. Peeta starts up hampered by not only the leg but the knife in his hand. I shoot my arrow down the throat of the first mutt that places its paws on the metal. As it dies the creature lashes out, inadvertently opening gashes on a few of its companions. Thats when I get a look at the claws. Four inches and clearly razor-sharp. Peeta reaches my feet and I grab his arm and pull him along. Then I remember Cato waiting at the top and whip around, but hes doubled over with cramps and apparently more preoccupied with the mutts than us. He coughs out something unintelligible. The snuffling, growling sound coming from the mutts isnt helping. What? I shout at him. He said, Can they climb it? answers Peeta, drawing my focus back to the base of the horn. The mutts are beginning to assemble. As they join together, they raise up again to stand easily on their back legs giving them an eerily

human quality. Each has a thick coat, some with fur that is straight and sleek, others curly, and the colors vary from jet black to what I can only describe as blond. Theres something else about them, something that makes the hair rise up on the back of my neck, but I cant put my finger on it. They put their snouts on the horn, sniffing and tasting the metal, scraping paws over the surface and then making high-pitched yipping sounds to one another. This must be how they communicate because the pack backs up as if to make room. Then one of them, a good-size mutt with silky waves of blond fur takes a running start and leaps onto the horn. Its back legs must be incredibly powerful because it lands a mere ten feet below us, its pink lips pulled back in a snarl. For a moment it hangs there, and in that moment I realize what else unsettled me about the mutts. The green

eyes glowering at me are unlike any dog or wolf, any canine Ive ever seen. They are unmistakably human. And that revelation has barely registered when I notice the collar with the number 1 inlaid with jewels and the whole horrible thing hits me. The blonde hair, the green eyes, the number . . . Its Glimmer. A shriek escapes my lips

and Im having trouble holding the arrow in place. I have been waiting to fire, only too aware of my dwindling supply of arrows. Waiting to see if the creatures can, in fact, climb. But now, even though the mutt has begun to slide backward, unable to find any purchase on the metal, even though I can hear the slow screeching of the claws like nails on a blackboard, I fire into its throat. Its body twitches and flops onto the ground with a thud. Katniss? I can feel Peetas grip on my arm. Its her! I get out. Who? asks Peeta. My head snaps from side to side as I examine the pack, taking in the various sizes and colors. The small one with the red coat and amber eyes . . . Foxface! And there, the ashen hair and hazel eyes of the boy from District 9 who died as we struggled for the backpack! And worst of all, the smallest mutt, with dark glossy fur, huge brown eyes and a collar that reads 11 in woven straw. Teeth bared in hatred. Rue . . . What is it, Katniss? Peeta shakes my shoulder. Its them. Its all of them. The others. Rue and Foxface and . . . All of the other tributes, I choke out. I hear Peetas gasp of recognition. What did they do to them? You dont think . . . Those could be their real eyes? Their eyes are the least of my worries. What about their brains? Have they been given any of the real tributes memories ? Have they been programmed to hate our faces particularly because we have survived and they were so callously murdered? And the ones we actually killed . . . Do they believe theyre avenging their own deaths? Before I can get this out, the mutts begin a new assault on the horn. Theyve split into two groups at the sides of the horn and are using those powerful hindquarters to launch themselves at us. A pair of teeth ring together just inches from my hand and then I hear Peeta cry out, feel the yank on his body, the heavy weight of boy and mutt pulling me over the side. If not for the grip on my arm, hed be on the ground, but as it is, it takes all my strength to keep us both on the curved back of the horn. And more tributes are coming. Kill it, Peeta! Kill it! Im shouting, and although I cant quite see whats happening, I know he must have stabbed the thing because the pull lessens. Im able to haul him back onto the horn where we drag ourselves toward the top where the lesser of two evils awaits. Cato has still not regained his feet, but his breathing is slowing and I know soon hell be recovered enough to come for us, to hurl us over the side to our deaths. I arm my bow, but the arrow ends up taking out a mutt that can only be Thresh. Who else could jump so high? I feel a moments relief because we must finally be


up above the mutt line and Im just turning back to face Cato when Peetas jerked from my side. Im sure the pack has got him until his blood splatters my face. Cato stands before me, almost at the lip of the horn, holding Peeta in some kind of headlock, cutting off his air. Peetas clawing at Catos arm, but weakly, as if confused over whether its more important to breathe or try and stem the gush of blood from the gaping hole a mutt left in his calf. I aim one of my last two arrows at Catos head, knowing itll have no effect on his trunk or limbs, which I can now see are clothed in a skintight, flesh-colored mesh. Some high-grade body armor from the Capitol. Was that what was in his pack at the feast? Body armor to defend against my arrows? Well, they neglected to send a face guard. Cato just laughs. Shoot me and he goes down with me. Hes right. If I take him out and he falls to the mutts, Peeta is sure to die with him. Weve reached a stalemate. I cant shoot Cato without killing Peeta, too. He cant kill Peeta without guaranteeing an arrow in his brain. We stand like statues, both of us seeking an out. My muscles are strained so tightly, they feel they might snap at any moment. My teeth clenched to the breaking point. The mutts go silent and the only thing I can hear is the blood pounding in my good ear. Peetas lips are turning blue. If

I dont do something quickly, hell die of asphyxiation and then Ill have lost him and Cato will probably use his body as a weapon against me. In fact, Im sure this is Catos plan because while hes stopped laughing, his lips are set in a triumphant smile. As if in a last-ditch effort, Peeta raises his fingers, dripping with blood from his leg, up to Catos arm. Instead of trying to wrestle his way free, his forefinger veers off and makes a deliberate X on the back of Catos hand. Cato realizes what it means exactly one second after I do. I can tell by the way the smile drops from his lips. But its one second too late because, by that time, my arrow is piercing his hand. He cries out and reflexively releases Peeta who slams back against him. For a horrible moment, I think theyre both going over. I dive forward just catching hold of Peeta as Cato loses his footing on the blood-slick horn and pluminets to the ground. We hear him hit, the air leaving his body on impact, and then the mutts attack him. Peeta and I hold on to each other, waiting for the cannon, waiting for the competition to finish, waiting to be released. But it doesnt happen. Not yet. Because this is the climax of the Hunger Games, and the audience expects a show. I dont watch, but I can hear the snarls, the growls, the howls of pain from both human and beast as Cato takes on the mutt pack.

I cant understand how he can be surviving until I remember the body armor protecting him from ankle to neck and I realize what a long night this could be. Cato must have a knife or sword or something, too, something he had hidden in his clothes, because on occasion theres the

death scream of a mutt or the sound of metal on metal as the blade collides with the golden horn. The combat moves around the side of the Cornucopia, and I know Cato must be attempting the one maneuver that could save his life to make his way back around to the tail of the horn and rejoin us. But in the end, despite his remarkable strength and skill, he is simply overpowered. I dont know how long it has been, maybe an hour or so, when Cato hits the ground and we hear the mutts dragging him, dragging him back into the Cornucopia. Now theyll finish him off, I think. But theres still no cannon. Night falls and the anthem plays and theres no picture of Cato in the sky, only the faint moans coming through the metal beneath us. The icy air blowing across the plain reminds me that the Games are not over and may not be for who knows how long, and there is still no guarantee of victory. I turn my

attention to Peeta and discover his leg is bleeding as badly as ever. All our supplies, our packs, remain down by the lake where we abandoned them when we fled from the mutts. I have no bandage, nothing to staunch the flow of blood from his calf. Although Im shaking in the biting wind, I rip off my jacket, remove my shirt, and zip back into the jacket as swiftly as possible. That brief exposure sets my teeth chattering beyond control. Peetas face is gray in the pale moonlight. I make him lie down before I probe his wound. Warm, slippery blood runs over my fingers. A bandage will not be enough. Ive seen my mother tie a tourniquet a handful of times and try to replicate it. I cut free a sleeve from my shirt, wrap it twice around his leg just under his knee, and tie a half knot. I dont have a stick, so I take my remaining arrow and insert it in the knot, twisting it as tightly as I dare. Its risky business Peeta may end up losing his leg but when I weigh this against him losing his life, what alternative do I have? I bandage the wound in the rest of my shirt and lay down with him. Dont go to sleep, I tell him. Im not sure if this is exactly medical protocol, but Im terrified that if he drifts off hell never wake again. Are you cold? he asks. He unzips his jacket and I press against him as he fastens it around me. Its a bit warmer, sharing

our body heat inside my double layer of jackets, but the night is young. The temperature will continue to drop. Even now I can feel the Cornucopia, which burned so when I first climbed it, slowly turning to ice. Cato may win this thing yet, I whisper to Peeta. Dont you believe it, he says, pulling up my hood, but hes shaking harder than I am. The next hours are the worst in my life, which if you think about it, is saying something. The cold would be torture enough, but the real nightmare is listening to Cato, moaning, begging, and finally just whimpering as the mutts work away at him. After a very short time, I dont care who he is or what hes done, all I want is for his suffering to end. Why dont they just kill him? I ask Peeta.

You know why, he says, and pulls me closer to him. And I do. No viewer could turn away from the show now. From the Gamemakers point of view, this is the final word in entertainment. It goes on and on and on and eventually completely consumes my mind, blocking out memories and hopes of tomorrow, erasing everything but the present, which I begin to believe will never change. There will never be anything but cold and fear and the agonized sounds of the boy dying in the

horn. Peeta begins to doze off now, and each time he does, I find myself yelling his name louder and louder because if he goes and dies on me now, I know Ill go completely insane. Hes fighting it, probably more for me than for him, and its hard because unconsciousness would be its own form of escape. But the adrenaline pumping through my body would never allow me to follow him, so I cant let him go. I just cant. The only indication of the passage of time lies in the heavens, the subtle shift of the moon. So Peeta begins pointing it out to me, insisting I acknowledge its progress and sometimes, for just a moment I feel a flicker of hope before the agony of the night engulfs me again. Finally, I hear him whisper that the sun is rising. I open my eyes and find the stars fading in the pale light of dawn. I can see, too, how bloodless Peetas face has become. How little time he has left. And I know I have to get him back to the Capitol. Still, no cannon has fired. I press my good ear against the horn and can just make out Catos voice. I think hes closer now. Katniss, can you shoot him? Peeta asks. If hes near the mouth, I may be able to take him out. It would be an act of mercy at this point. My last arrows in your tourniquet, I say. Make it count, says Peeta, unzipping his jacket, letting me loose. So I free the arrow, tying the

tourniquet back as tightly as my frozen fingers can manage. I rub my hands together, trying to regain circulation. When I crawl to the lip of the horn and hang over the edge, I feel Peetas hands grip me for support. It takes a few moments to find Cato in the dim light, in the blood. Then the raw hunk of meat that used to be my enemy makes a sound, and I know where his mouth is. And I think the word hes trying to say is please. Pity, not vengeance, sends my arrow flying into his skull. Peeta pulls me back up, bow in hand, quiver empty. Did you get him? he whispers. The cannon fires in answer. Then we won, Katniss, he says hollowly. Hurray for us, I get out, but theres no joy of victory in my voice. A hole opens in the plain and as if on cue, the remaining mutts bound into it, disappearing as the earth closes above them. We wait, for the hovercraft to take Catos remains, for the trumpets of victory that should follow, but nothing happens. Hey! I shout into air. Whats going on? The only response is the chatter of waking birds. Maybe its the body. Maybe we have to move away from it, says Peeta. I try to remember. Do you have to distance yourself from the dead tribute


on the final kill? My brain is too muddled to be sure, but what else could be the reason for the delay? Okay. Think you could make it to the lake? I ask. Think I better try, says Peeta. We inch down to the tail of the horn and fall to the ground. If the stiffness in my limbs is this bad, how can Peeta even move? I rise first, swinging and bending my arms and legs until I think I can help him up. Somehow, we make it back to the lake. I scoop up a handful of the cold water for Peeta and bring a second to my lips. A mockingjay gives the long, low whistle, and tears of relief fill my eyes as the hovercraft appears and takes Catos body away. Now they will take us. Now we can go home. But again theres no response. What are they waiting for? says Peeta weakly. Between the loss of the tourniquet and the effort it took to get to the lake, his wound has opened up again. I dont know, I say. Whatever the holdup is, I cant watch him lose any more blood. I get up to find a stick but almost immediately come across the arrow that bounced off Catos body armor. It will do as well as the other arrow. As I stoop to pick it up, Claudius Templesmiths voice booms into the arena. Greetings to the final contestants of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games. The earlier revision has been revoked. Closer examination of the rule book has disclosed that only one

winner may be allowed, he says. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor. Theres a small burst of static and then nothing more. I stare at Peeta in disbelief as the truth sinks in. They never intended to let us both live. This has all been devised by the Gamemakers to guarantee the most dramatic showdown in history. And like a fool, I bought into it. If you think about it, its not that surprising, he says softly. I watch as he painfully makes it to his feet. Then hes moving toward me, as if in slow motion, his hand is pulling the knife from his belt Before I am even aware of my actions, my bow is loaded with the arrow pointed straight at his heart. Peeta raises his eyebrows and I see the knife has already left his hand on its way to the lake where it splashes in the water. I drop my weapons and take a step back, my face burning in what can only be shame. No, he says. Do it. Peeta limps toward me and thrusts the weapons back in my hands. I cant, I say. I wont. Do it. Before they send those mutts back or something. I dont want to die like Cato, he says. Then you shoot me, I say furiously, shoving the weapons back at him. You shoot me and go home and live with it! And as I say it, I know death right here, right now would be the easier of the two. You know I cant, Peeta says, discarding the weapons. Fine, Ill go

first anyway. He leans down and rips the bandage off his leg, eliminating the final barrier between his blood and the earth. No, you cant kill yourself, I say. Im on my knees, desperately plastering the bandage back onto his wound. Katniss, he says. Its what I want. Youre not leaving me here alone, I say.

Because if he dies, Ill never go home, not really. Ill spend the rest of my life in this arena trying to think my way out. Listen, he says pulling me to my feet. We both know they have to have a victor. It can only be one of us. Please, take it. For me. And he goes on about how he loves me, what life would be without me but Ive stopped listening because his previous words are trapped in my head, thrashing desperately around. We both know they have to have a victor. Yes, they have to have a victor. Without a victor, the whole thing would blow up in the Gamemakers faces. Theyd have failed the Capitol. Might possibly even be executed, slowly and painfully while the cameras broadcast it to every screen in the country. If Peeta and I were both to die, or they thought we were . . . My fingers fumble with the pouch on my belt, freeing it. Peeta sees it and his hand clamps on my wrist. No, I wont let you. Trust me, I

whisper. He holds my gaze for a long moment then lets me go. I loosen the top of the pouch and pour a few spoonfuls of berries into his palm. Then I fill my own. On the count of three? Peeta leans down and kisses me once, very gently. The count of three, he says. We stand, our backs pressed together, our empty hands locked tight. Hold them out. I want everyone to see, he says. I spread out my fingers, and the dark berries glisten in the sun. I give Peetas hand one last squeeze as a signal, as a good-bye, and we begin counting. One. Maybe Im wrong. Two. Maybe they dont care if we both die. Three! Its too late to change my mind. I lift my hand to my mouth, taking one last look at the world. The berries have just passed my lips when the trumpets begin to blare. The frantic voice of Claudius Templesmith shouts above them. Stop! Stop! Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victors of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! I give you the tributes of District Twelve!

26.

I spew the berries from my mouth, wiping my tongue with the end of my shirt to make sure no juice remains. Peeta pulls me to the lake where we both flush our mouths with water and then collapse into each others arms. You didnt swallow any? I ask him. He shakes his head. You? Guess Id be dead by now if I did, I say. I can see his lips moving in reply, but I cant hear him over the roar of the crowd in the Capitol that theyre playing live over the speakers. The hovercraft materializes overhead and two ladders drop, only theres no way Im letting go of Peeta. I keep one arm around him as I help him up, and we each place a foot on the first rung of the ladder. The electric current freezes us in place, and this time Im glad because Im not really sure Peeta can hang on for the whole ride. And since my eyes were looking down, I can see that while our muscles are immobile, nothing is preventing the blood from draining out of Peetas leg. Sure enough, the minute the door closes behind us and the current stops, he slumps to the floor unconscious. My fingers are

still gripping the back of his jacket so tightly that when they take him away it tears leaving me with a fistful of black fabric. Doctors in sterile white, masked and

gloved, already prepped to operate, go into action. Peetas so pale and still on a silver table, tubes and wires springing out of him every which way, and for a moment I forget were out of the Games and I see the doctors as just one more threat, one more pack of mutts designed to kill him. Petrified, I lunge for him, but Im caught and thrust back into another room, and a glass door seals between us. I pound on the glass, screaming my head off. Everyone ignores me except for some Capitol attendant who appears behind me and offers me a beverage. I slump down on the floor, my face against the door, staring uncomprehendingly at the crystal glass in my hand. Icy cold, filled with orange juice, a straw with a frilly white collar. How wrong it looks in my bloody, filthy hand with its dirt-caked nails and scars. My mouth waters at the smell, but I place it carefully on the floor, not trusting anything so clean and pretty. Through the glass, I see the doctors working feverishly on Peeta, their brows creased in concentration. I see the flow of liquids, pumping through the tubes, watch a wall of dials and lights that mean nothing to me. Im not sure, but I think his heart stops twice. Its like being home again, when they bring in the hopelessly mangled person from the mine explosion, or the woman in her third day of labor, or the famished

child struggling against pneumonia and my mother and Prim, they wear that same look on their faces. Now is the time to run away to the woods, to hide in the trees until the patient is long gone and in another part of the Seam the hammers make the coffin. But Im held here both by the hovercraft walls and the same force that holds the loved ones of the dying. How often Ive seen them, ringed around our kitchen table and I thought, Why dont they leave? Why do they stay to watch? And now I know. Its because you have no choice. I startle when I catch someone staring at me from only a few inches away and then realize its my own face reflecting back in the glass. Wild eyes, hollow cheeks, my hair in a tangled mat. Rabid. Feral. Mad. No wonder everyone is keeping a safe distance from me. The next thing I know weve landed back on the roof of the Training Center and theyre taking Peeta but leaving me behind the door. I start hurling myself against the glass, shrieking and I think I just catch a glimpse of pink hair it must be Effie, it has to be Effie coming to my rescue when the needle jabs me from behind. When I wake, Im afraid to move at first. The entire ceiling glows with a soft yellow light allowing me to see that Im in a room containing just my bed. No doors, no windows are visible. The air smells of

something sharp and antiseptic. My right arm has several tubes that extend into the wall behind me. Im naked, but the bedclothes arc soothing against my skin. I

tentatively lift my left hand above the cover. Not only has it been scrubbed clean, the nails are filed in perfect ovals, the scars from the burns are less prominent. I touch my cheek, my lips, the puckered scar above my eyebrow, and am just running my fingers through my silken hair when I freeze. Apprehensively I ruffle the hair by my left ear. No, it wasnt an illusion. I can hear again. I try and sit up, but some sort of wide restraining band around my waist keeps me from rising more than a few inches. The physical confinement makes me panic and Im trying to pull myself up and wriggle my hips through the band when a portion of the wall slides open and in steps the redheaded Avox girl carrying a tray. The sight of her calms me and I stop trying to escape. I want to ask her a million questions, but Im afraid any familiarity would cause her harm. Obviously I am being closely monitored. She sets the tray across my thighs and presses something that raises me to a sitting position. While she adjusts my pillows, I risk one question. I say it out loud, as clearly as my rusty voice

will allow, so nothing will seem secretive. Did Peeta make it? She gives me a nod, and as she slips a spoon into my hand, I feel the pressure of friendship. I guess she did not wish me dead after all. And Peeta has made it. Of course, he did. With all their expensive equipment here. Still, I hadnt been sure until now. As the Avox leaves, the door closes noiselessly after her and I turn hungrily to the tray. A bowl of clear broth, a small serving of applesauce, and a glass of water. This is it? I think grouchily. Shouldnt my homecoming dinner be a little more spectacular? But I find its an effort to finish the spare meal before me. My stomach seems to have shrunk to the size of a chestnut, and I have to wonder how long Ive been out because I had no trouble eating a fairly sizable breakfast that last morning in the arena. Theres usually a lag of a few days between the end of the competition and the presentation of the victor so that they can put the starving, wounded, mess of a person back together again. Somewhere, Cinna and Portia will be creating our wardrobes for the public appearances. Haymitch and Effie will be arranging the banquet for our sponsors, reviewing the questions for our final interviews. Back home, District 12 is probably in chaos as they try and organize the homecoming celebrations for Peeta and me, given

that the last one was close to thirty years ago. Home! Prim and my mother! Gale! Even the thought of Prims scruffy old cat makes me smile. Soon I will be home! I want to get out of this bed. To see Peeta and Cinna, to find out more about whats been going on. And why shouldnt I? I feel fine. But as I start to work my way out of the band, I feel a cold liquid seeping into my vein from one of the tubes and almost immediately lose consciousness. This happens on and off for an indeterminate amount of time. My waking, eating, and, even though I resist the impulse

to try and escape the bed, being knocked out again. I seem to be in a strange, continual twilight. Only a few things register. The redheaded Avox girl has not returned since the feeding, my scars are disappearing, and do I imagine it? Or do I hear a mans voice yelling? Not in the Capitol accent, but in the rougher cadences of home. And I cant help having a vague, comforting feeling that someone is looking out for me. Then finally, the time arrives when I come to and theres nothing plugged into my right arm. The restraint around my middle has been removed and I am free to move about. I start to sit up but am arrested by the sight of my hands. The skins

perfection, smooth and glowing. Not only are the scars from the arena gone, but those accumulated over years of hunting have vanished without a trace. My forehead feels like satin, and when I try to find the burn on my calf, theres nothing. I slip my legs out of bed, nervous about how they will bear my weight and find them strong and steady. Lying at the foot of the bed is an outfit that makes me flinch. Its what all of us tributes wore in the arena. I stare at it as if it had teeth until I remember that, of course, this is what I will wear to greet my team. Im dressed in less than a minute and fidgeting in front of the wall where I know theres a door even if I cant see it when suddenly it slides open. I step into a wide, deserted hall that appears to have no other doors on it. But it must. And behind one of them must be Peeta. Now that Im conscious and moving, Im growing more and more anxious about him. He must be all right or the Avox girl wouldnt have said so. But I need to see him for myself. Peeta! I call out, since theres no one to ask. I hear my name in response, but its not his voice. Its a voice that provokes first irritation and then eagerness. Effie. I turn and see them all waiting in a big chamber at the end of the hall Effie, Haymitch, and Cinna. My feet take off without hesitation. Maybe a victor should show more restraint, more

superiority, especially when she knows this will be on tape, but I dont care. I run for them and surprise even myself when I launch into Haymitchs arms first. When he whispers in my ear, Nice job, sweetheart, it doesnt sound sarcastic. Effies somewhat teary and keeps patting my hair and talking about how she told everyone we were pearls. Cinna just hugs me tight and doesnt say anything. Then I notice Portia is absent and get a bad feeling. Wheres Portia? Is she with Peeta? He is all right, isnt he? I mean, hes alive? I blurt out. Hes fine. Only they want to do your reunion live on air at the ceremony, says Haymitch. Oh. Thats all, I say. The awful moment of thinking Peetas dead again passes. I guess Id want to see that myself. Go on with Cinna. He has to get you ready, says Haymitch. Its a relief to be alone with Cinna, to feel his protective arm around my shoulders as he guides me away from the cameras, down a few passages and to an elevator that leads to the

lobby of the Training Center. The hospital then is far underground, even beneath the gym where the tributes practiced tying knots and throwing spears. The windows of the lobby are darkened, and a handful of guards stand on duty. No one

else is there to see us cross to the tribute elevator. Our footsteps echo in the emptiness. And when we ride up to the twelfth floor, the faces of all the tributes who will never return flash across my mind and theres a heavy, tight place in my chest. When the elevator doors open, Venia, Flavius, and Octavia engulf me, talking so quickly and ecstatically I cant make out their words. The sentiment is clear though. They are truly thrilled to see me and Im happy to see them, too, although not like I was to see Cinna. Its more in the way one might be glad to see an affectionate trio of pets at the end of a particularly difficult day. They sweep me into the dining room and I get a real meal roast beef and peas and soft rolls although my portions are still being strictly controlled. Because when I ask for seconds, Im refused. No, no, no. They dont want it all coming back up on the stage, says Octavia, but she secretly slips me an extra roll under the table to let me know shes on my side. We go back to my room and Cinna disappears for a while as the prep team gets me ready. Oh, they did a full body polish on you, says Flavius enviously. Not a flaw left on your skin. But when I look at my naked body in the mirror, all I can see is how skinny I am. I mean, Im sure I was worse when I came out of the arena, but I can easily count my ribs. They take

care of the shower settings for me, and they go to work on my hair, nails, and makeup when Im done. They chatter so continuously that I barely have to reply, which is good, since I dont feel very talkative. Its funny, because even though theyre rattling on about the Games, its all about where they were or what they were doing or how they felt when a specific event occurred. I was still in bed! I had just had my eyebrows dyed! I swear I nearly fainted! Everything is about them, not the dying boys and girls in the arena. We dont wallow around in the Games this way in District 12. We grit our teeth and watch because we must and try to get back to business as soon as possible when theyre over. To keep from hating the prep team, I effectively tune out most of what theyre saying. Cinna comes in with what appears to be an unassuming yellow dress across his arms. Have you given up the whole girl on fire thing? I ask. You tell me, he says, and slips it over my head. I immediately notice the padding over my breasts, adding curves that hunger has stolen from my body. My hands go to my chest and I frown. I know, says Cinna before I can object. But the Gamemakers wanted to alter you surgically. Haymitch had a huge fight with them over it. This was the compromise. He stops me before I can look at my reflection.

Wait, dont forget the shoes. Venia helps me into a pair of flat leather sandals and I

turn to the mirror. I am still the girl on fire. The sheer fabric softly glows. Even the slight movement in the air sends a ripple up my body. By comparison, the chariot costume seems garish, the interview dress too contrived. In this dress, I give the illusion of wearing candlelight. What do you think? asks Cinna. I think its the best yet, I say. When I manage to pull my eyes away from the flickering fabric, Im in for something of a shock. My hairs loose, held back by a simple hairband. The makeup rounds and fills out the sharp angles of my face. A clear polish coats my nails. The sleeveless dress is gathered at my ribs, not my waist, largely eliminating any help the padding would have given my figure. The hem falls just to my knees. Without heels, you can see my true stature. I look, very simply, like a girl. A young one. Fourteen at the most. Innocent. Harmless. Yes, it is shocking that Cinna has pulled this off when you remember Ive just won the Games. This is a very calculated look. Nothing Cinna designs is arbitrary. I bite my lip trying to figure out his motivation. I thought itd be something more . . . Sophisticated-looking, I say. I thought Peeta would like this

better, he answers carefully. Peeta? No, its not about Peeta. Its about the Capitol and the Gamemakers and the audience. Although I do not yet understand Cinnas design, its a reminder the Games are not quite finished. And beneath his benign reply, I sense a warning. Of something he cant even mention in front of his own team. We take the elevator to the level where we trained. Its customary for the victor and his or her support team to rise from beneath the stage. First the prep team, followed by the escort, the stylist, the mentor, and finally the victor. Only this year, with two victors who share both an escort and a mentor, the whole thing has had to be rethought. I find myself in a poorly lit area under the stage. A brand-new metal plate has been installed to transport me upward. You can still see small piles of sawdust, smell fresh paint. Cinna and the prep team peel off to change into their own costumes and take their positions, leaving me alone. In the gloom, I see a makeshift wall about ten yards away and assume Peetas behind it. The rumbling of the crowd is loud, so I dont notice Haymitch until he touches my shoulder. I spring away, startled, still half in the arena, I guess. Easy, just me. Lets have a look at you, Haymitch says. I hold out my arms and turn once. Good enough. Its not much of a

compliment. But what? I say. Haymitchs eyes shift around my musty holding space, and he seems to make a decision. But nothing. How about a hug for luck? Okay, thats an odd request from Haymitch but, after all, we are victors. Maybe a hug for luck is in order. Only, when I put my arms around his neck, I find myself trapped in his embrace. He begins talking, very fast, very quietly in my ear, my hair concealing his lips. Listen up. Youre in trouble. Word is the Capitols furious about

you showing them up in the arena. The one thing they cant stand is being laughed at and theyre the joke of Panem, says Haymitch. I feel dread coursing through me now, but I laugh as though Haymitch is saying something completely delightful because nothing is covering my mouth. So, what? Your only defense can be you were so madly in love you werent responsible for your actions. Haymitch pulls back and adjusts my hairband. Got it, sweetheart? He could be talking about anything now. Got it, I say. Did you tell Peeta this? Dont have to, says Haymitch. Hes already there. But you think Im not? I say, taking the opportunity to straighten a bright red bow tie Cinna must have wrestled him into. Since when does it matter what I think?

says Haymitch. Better take our places. He leads me to the metal circle. This is your night, sweetheart. Enjoy it. He kisses me on the forehead and disappears into the gloom. I tug on my skirt, willing it to be longer, wanting it to cover the knocking in my knees. Then I realize its pointless. My whole bodys shaking like a leaf. Hopefully, it will be put down to excitement. After all, its my night. The damp, moldy smell beneath the stage threatens to choke me. A cold, clammy sweat breaks out on my skin and I cant rid myself of the feeling that the boards above my head are about to collapse, to bury me alive under the rubble. When I left the arena, when the trumpets played, I was supposed to be safe. From then on. For the rest of my life. But if what Haymitch says is true, and hes got no reason to lie, Ive never been in such a dangerous place in my life. Its so much worse than being hunted in the arena. There, I could only die. End of story. But out here Prim, my mother, Gale, the people of District 12, everyone I care about back home could be punished if I cant pull off the girl-driven-crazy-by-love scenario Haymitch has suggested. So I still have a chance, though. Funny, in the arena, when I poured out those berries, I was only thinking of outsmarting the Gamemakers, not how my actions would reflect on the Capitol. But

the Hunger Games are their weapon and you are not supposed to be able to defeat it. So now the Capitol will act as if theyve been in control the whole time. As if they orchestrated the whole event, right down to the double suicide. But that will only work if I play along with them. And Peeta . . . Peeta will suffer, too, if this goes wrong. But what was it Haymitch said when I asked if he had told Peeta the situation? That he had to pretend to be desperately in love? Dont have to. Hes already there. Already thinking ahead of me in the Games again and well aware of the danger were in? Or . . . Already desperately in love? I dont know. I havent even begun to separate out my feelings about Peeta. Its too complicated. What I did as part of the Games. As opposed to what I did out of anger at the Capitol. Or because of how it would be viewed back in District 12. Or simply because it was the only decent thing to do.

Or what I did because I cared about him. These are questions to be unraveled back home, in the peace and quiet of the woods, when no one is watching. Not here with every eye upon me. But I wont have that luxury for who knows how long. And right now, the most dangerous part of the Hunger Games is about to begin.

27.

The anthem booms in my ears, and then I hear Caesar Flickerman greeting the audience. Does he know how crucial it is to get every word right from now on? He must. He will want to help us. The crowd breaks into applause as the prep teams are presented. I imagine Flavius, Venia, and Octavia bouncing around and taking ridiculous, bobbing bows. Its a safe bet theyre clueless. Then Effies introduced. How long shes waited for this moment. I hope shes able to enjoy it because as misguided as Effie can be, she has a very keen instinct about certain things and must at least suspect were in trouble. Portia and Cinna receive huge cheers, of course, theyve been brilliant, had a dazzling debut. I now understand Cinnas choice of dress for me for tonight. Ill need to look as girlish and innocent as possible. Haymitchs appearance brings a round of stomping that goes on at least five minutes. Well, hes accomplished a first. Keeping not only one but two tributes alive. What if he hadnt warned me in time? Would I have acted differently? Flaunted the moment with the berries in the Capitols face? No, I dont think so. But I could easily have been a lot less convincing

than I need to be now. Right now. Because I can feel the plate lifting me up to the stage. Blinding lights. The deafening roar rattles the metal under my feet. Then theres Peeta just a few yards away. He looks so clean and healthy and beautiful, I can hardly recognize him. But his smile is the same whether in mud or in the Capitol and when I see it, I take about three steps and fling myself into his arms. He staggers back, almost losing his balance, and thats when I realize the slim, metal contraption in his hand is some kind of cane. He rights himself and we just cling to each other while the audience goes insane. Hes kissing me and all the time Im thinking, Do you know? Do you know how much danger were in? After about ten minutes of this, Caesar Flickerman taps on his shoulder to continue the show, and Peeta just pushes him aside without even glancing at him. The audience goes berserk. Whether he knows or not, Peeta is, as usual, playing the crowd exactly right. Finally, Haymitch interrupts us and gives us a good-natured shove toward the victors chair. Usually, this is a single, ornate chair from which the winning tribute watches a film of the highlights of the Games, but since there are two of us, the Gamemakers have provided a plush red velvet couch. A small one, my mother would call it a love seat, I think. I sit so close

to Peeta that Im practically on his lap, but one look from Haymitch tells me it isnt enough. Kicking off my sandals, I tuck my feet to the side and lean my head against

Peetas shoulder. His arm goes around me automatically, and I feel like Im back in the cave, curled up against him, trying to keep warm. His shirt is made of the same yellow material as my dress, but Portias put him in long black pants. No sandals, either, but a pair of sturdy black boots he keeps solidly planted on the stage. I wish Cinna had given me a similar outfit, I feel so vulnerable in this flimsy dress. But I guess that was the point. Caesar Flickerman makes a few more jokes, and then its time for the show. This will last exactly three hours and is required viewing for all of Panem. As the lights dim and the seal appears on the screen, I realize Im unprepared for this. I do not want to watch my twenty-two fellow tributes die. I saw enough of them die the first time. My heart starts pounding and I have a strong impulse to run. How have the other victors faced this alone? During the highlights, they periodically show the winners reaction up on a box in the corner of the screen. I think back to earlier years . . . Some are triumphant, pumping their fists in the air, beating their

chests. Most just seem stunned. All I know is that the only thing keeping me on this love seat is Peeta his arm around my shoulder, his other hand claimed by both of mine. Of course, the previous victors didnt have the Capitol looking for a way to destroy them. Condensing several weeks into three hours is quite a feat, especially when you consider how many cameras were going at once. Whoever puts together the highlights has to choose what sort of story to tell. This year, for the first time, they tell a love story. I know Peeta and I won, but a disproportionate amount of time is spent on us, right from the beginning. Im glad though, because it supports the whole crazy-in-love thing thats my defense for defying the Capitol, plus it means we wont have as much time to linger over the deaths. The first half hour or so focuses on the pre-arena events, the reaping, the chariot ride through the Capitol, our training scores, and our interviews. Theres this sort of upbeat soundtrack playing under it that makes it twice as awful because, of course, almost everyone on-screen is dead. Once were in the arena, theres detailed coverage of the bloodbath and then the filmmakers basically alternate between shots of tributes dying and shots of us. Mostly Peeta really, theres no question hes carrying this romance thing on his shoulders.

Now I see what the audience saw, how he misled the Careers about me, stayed awake the entire night under the tracker jacker tree, fought Cato to let me escape and even while he lay in that mud bank, whispered my name in his sleep. I seem heartless in comparison dodging fireballs, dropping nests, and blowing up supplies until I go hunting for Rue. They play her death in full, the spearing, my failed rescue attempt, my arrow through the boy from District 1s throat, Rue drawing her last breath in my arms. And the song. I get to sing every note of the song.

Something inside me shuts down and Im too numb to feel anything. Its like watching complete strangers in another Hunger Games. But I do notice they omit the part where I covered her in flowers. Right. Because even that smacks of rebellion. Things pick up for me once theyve announced two tributes from the same district can live and I shout out Peetas name and then clap my hands over my mouth. If Ive seemed indifferent to him earlier, I make up for it now, by finding him, nursing him back to health, going to the feast for the medicine, and being very free with my kisses. Objectively, I can see the mutts and Catos death are as gruesome as ever, but again, I

feel it happens to people I have never met. And then comes the moment with the berries. I can hear the audience hushing one another, not wanting to miss anything. A wave of gratitude to the filmmakers sweeps over me when they end not with the announcement of our victory, but with me pounding on the glass door of the hovercraft, screaming Peetas name as they try to revive him. In terms of survival, its my best moment all night. The anthems playing yet again and we rise as President Snow himself takes the stage followed by a little girl carrying a cushion that holds the crown. Theres just one crown, though, and you can hear the crowds confusion whose head will he place it on? until President Snow gives it a twist and it separates into two halves. He places the first around Peetas brow with a smile. Hes still smiling when he settles the second on my head, but his eyes, just inches from mine, are as unforgiving as a snakes. Thats when I know that even though both of us would have eaten the berries, I am to blame for having the idea. Im the instigator. Im the one to be punished. Much bowing and cheering follows. My arm is about to fall off from waving when Caesar Flickerman finally bids the audience good night, reminding them to tune in tomorrow for the final interviews. As if they have a choice. Peeta and I are whisked

to the presidents mansion for the Victory Banquet, where we have very little time to eat as Capitol officials and particularly generous sponsors elbow one another out of the way as they try to get their picture with us. Face after beaming face flashes by, becoming increasingly intoxicated as the evening wears on. Occasionally, I catch a glimpse of Haymitch, which is reassuring, or President Snow, which is terrifying, but I keep laughing and thanking people and smiling as my picture is taken. The one thing I never do is let go of Peetas hand. The sun is just peeking over the horizon when we straggle back to the twelfth floor of the Training Center. I think now Ill finally get a word alone with Peeta, but Haymitch sends him off with Portia to get something fitted for the interview and personally escorts me to my door. Why cant I talk to him? I ask. Plenty of time for talk when we get home, says Haymitch. Go to bed, youre on air at two. Despite Haymitchs running interference, Im

determined to see Peeta privately. After I toss and turn for a few hours, I slip into the hall. My first thought is to check the roof, but its empty. Even the city streets far below are deserted after the celebration last night. I go back to bed for a while and

then decide to go directly to his room, but when I try to turn the knob, I find my own bedroom door has been locked from the outside. I suspect Haymitch initially, but then theres a more insidious fear that the Capitol may by monitoring and confining me. Ive been unable to escape since the Hunger Games began, but this feels different, much more personal. This feels like Ive been imprisoned for a crime and Im awaiting sentencing. I quickly get back in bed and pretend to sleep until Effie Trinket comes to alert me to the start of another big, big, big day! I have about five minutes to eat a bowl of hot grain and stew before the prep team descends. All I have to say is, The crowd loved you! and its unnecessary to speak for the next couple of hours. When Cinna comes in, he shoos them out and dresses me in a white, gauzy dress and pink shoes. Then he personally adjusts my makeup until I seem to radiate a soft, rosy glow. We make idle chitchat, but Im afraid to ask him anything of real importance because after the incident with the door, I cant shake the feeling that Im being watched constantly. The interview takes place right down the hall in the sitting room. A space has been cleared and the love seat has been moved in and surrounded by vases of red and pink roses. There are only a handful of cameras to record the

event. No live audience at least. Caesar Flickerman gives me a warm hug when I. Come in. Congratulations, Katniss. How are you faring? Fine. Nervous about the interview, I say. Dont be. Were going to have a fabulous time, he says, giving my cheek a reassuring pat. Im not good at talking about myself, I say. Nothing you say will be wrong, he says. And I think, Oh, Caesar, if only that were true. But actually, President Snow may be arranging some sort of accident for me as we speak. Then Peetas there looking handsome in red and white, pulling me off to the side. I hardly get to see you. Haymitch seems bent on keeping us apart. Haymitch is actually bent on keeping us alive, but there are too many ears listening, so I just say, Yes, hes gotten very responsible lately. Well, theres just this and we go home. Then he cant watch us all the time, says Peeta. I feel a sort of shiver run through me and theres no time to analyze why, because theyre ready for us. We sit somewhat formally on the love seat, but Caesar says, Oh, go ahead and curl up next to him if you want. It looked very sweet. So I tuck my feet up and Peeta pulls me in close to him. Someone counts backward and just like that, were being broadcast live to the entire country. Caesar Flickerman is wonderful, teasing, joking, getting choked up when the occasion

presents itself. He and Peeta already have the rapport they established

that night of the first interview, that easy banter, so I just smile a lot and try to speak as little as possible. I mean, I have to talk some, but as soon as I can I redirect the conversation back to Peeta. Eventually though, Caesar begins to pose questions that insist on fuller answers. Well, Peeta, we know, from our days in the cave, that it was love at first sight for you from what, age five? Caesar says. From the moment I laid eyes on her, says Peeta. But, Katniss, what a ride for you. I think the real excitement for the audience was watching you fall for him. When did you realize you were in love with him? asks Caesar. Oh, thats a hard one . . . I give a faint, breathy laugh and look down at my hands. Help. Well, I know when it hit me. The night when you shouted out his name from that tree, says Caesar. Thank you, Caesar! I think, and then go with his idea. Yes, I guess that was it. I mean, until that point, I just tried not to think about what my feelings might be, honestly, because it was so confusing and it only made things worse if I actually cared about him. But then, in the tree, everything changed, I say. Why do you think that was? urges Caesar. Maybe . . .

Because for the first time . . . There was a chance I could keep him, I say. Behind a cameraman, I see Haymitch give a sort of huff with relief and I know Ive said the right thing. Caesar pulls out a handkerchief and has to take a moment because hes so moved. I can feel Peeta press his forehead into my temple and he asks, So now that youve got me, what are you going to do with me? I turn in to him. Put you somewhere you cant get hurt. And when he kisses me, people in the room actually sigh. For Caesar, this is a natural place to segue into all the ways we did get hurt in the arena, from burns, to stings, to wounds. But its not until we get around to the mutts that I forget Im on camera. When Caesar asks Peeta how his new leg is working out. New leg? I say, and I cant help reaching out and pulling up the bottom of Peetas pants. Oh, no, I whisper, taking in the metal-and-plastic device that has replaced his flesh. No one told you? asks Caesar gently. I shake my head. I havent had the chance, says Peeta with a slight shrug. Its my fault, I say. Because I used that tourniquet. Yes, its your fault Im alive, says Peeta. Hes right, says Caesar. Hed have bled to death for sure without it. I guess this is true, but I cant help feeling upset about it to the extent that Im afraid I might cry and then I remember everyone in the country is watching

me so I just bury my face in Peetas shirt. It takes them a couple of minutes to coax me back out because its better in the shirt, where no one can see me, and when I do come out, Caesar backs off questioning me so I can recover. In fact, he pretty much leaves me alone until the berries come up. Katniss, I know youve had a shock, but Ive got to ask. The moment when you pulled out those berries. What was going on in your mind . . . Hm? he says. I take

a long pause before I answer, trying to collect my thoughts. This is the crucial moment where I either challenged the Capitol or went so crazy at the idea of losing Peeta that I cant be held responsible for my actions. It seems to call for a big, dramatic speech, but all I get out is one almost inaudible sentence. I dont know, I just . . . Couldnt bear the thought of . . . Being without him. Peeta? Anything to add? asks Caesar. No. I think that goes for both of us, he says. Caesar signs off and its over. Everyones laughing and crying and hugging, but Im still not sure until I reach Haymitch. Okay? I whisper. Perfect, he answers. I go back to my room to collect a few things and find theres nothing to take but the mockingjay pin Madge gave me.

Someone returned it to my room after the Games. They drive us through the streets in a car with blackened windows, and the trains waiting for us. We barely have time to say good-bye to Cinna and Portia, although well see them in a few months, when we tour the districts for a round of victory ceremonies. Its the Capitols way of reminding people that the Hunger Games never really go away. Well be given a lot of useless plaques, and everyone will have to pretend they love us. The train begins moving and were plunged into night until we clear the tunnel and I take my first free breath since the reaping. Effie is accompanying us back and Haymitch, too, of course. We eat an enormous dinner and settle into silence in front of the television to watch a replay of the interview. With the Capitol growing farther away every second, I begin to think of home. Of Prim and my mother. Of Gale. I excuse myself to change out of my dress and into a plain shirt and pants. As I slowly, thoroughly wash the makeup from my face and put my hair in its braid, I begin transforming back into myself. Katniss Everdeen. A girl who lives in the Seam. Hunts in the woods. Trades in the Hob. I stare in the mirror as I try to remember who I am and who I am not. By the time I join the others, the pressure of Peetas arm around my shoulders feels alien.

When the train makes a brief stop for fuel, were allowed to go outside for some fresh air. Theres no longer any need to guard us. Peeta and I walk down along the track, hand in hand, and I cant find anything to say now that were alone. He stops to gather a bunch of wildflowers for me. When he presents them, I work hard to look pleased. Because he cant know that the pink-and-white flowers are the tops of wild onions and only remind me of the hours Ive spent gathering them with Gale. Gale. The idea of seeing Gale in a matter of hours makes my stomach churn. But why? I cant quite frame it in my mind. I only know that I feel like Ive been lying to someone who trusts me. Or more accurately, to two people. Ive been getting away with it up to this point because of the Games. But there will be no Games to hide behind back home. Whats wrong? Peeta asks. Nothing, I answer. We continue walking, past the end of

the train, out where even Im fairly sure there are no cameras hidden in the scrubby bushes along the track. Still no words come. Haymitch startles me when he lays a hand on my back. Even now, in the middle of nowhere, he keeps his voice down. Great job, you two. Just keep it up in the district until the cameras are gone.

We should be okay. I watch him head back to the train, avoiding Peetas eyes. Whats he mean? Peeta asks me. Its the Capitol. They didnt like our stunt with the berries, I blurt out. What? What are you talking about? he says. It seemed too rebellious. So, Haymitch has been coaching me through the last few days. So I didnt make it worse, I say. Coaching you? But not me, says Peeta. He knew you were smart enough to get it right, I say. I didnt know there was anything to get right, says Peeta. So, what youre saying is, these last few days and then I guess . . . Back in the arena . . . That was just some strategy you two worked out. No. I mean, I couldnt even talk to him in the arena, could I? I stammer. But you knew what he wanted you to do, didnt you? says Peeta. I bite my lip. Katniss? He drops my hand and I take a step, as if to catch my balance. It was all for the Games, Peeta says. How you acted. Not all of it, I say, tightly holding onto my flowers. Then how much? No, forget that. I guess the real question is whats going to be left when we get home? he says. I dont know. The closer we get to District Twelve, the more confused I get, I say. He waits, for further explanation, but nones forthcoming. Well, let me know when you work it out, he says, and the pain in his voice is palpable. I know my ears are healed because, even with the rumble of the engine, I can hear every step he takes back to the train. By the time Ive climbed aboard, Peeta has disappiared into his room for the night. I dont see him the next morning, either. In fact, the next time he turns up, were pulling into District 12. He gives me a nod, his face expressionless. I want to tell him that hes not being fair. That we were strangers. That I did what it took to stay alive, to keep us both alive in the arena. That I cant explain how things are with Gale because I dont know myself. That its no good loving me because Im never going to get married anyway and hed just end up hating me later instead of sooner. That if I do have feelings for him, it doesnt matter because Ill never be able to afford the kind of love that leads to a family, to children. And how can he? How can he after what weve just been through? I also want to tell him how much I already miss him. But that wouldnt be fair on my part. So we just stand there silently, watching our grimy little station rise up around us. Through the window, I can see the platforms thick with cameras. Everyone will be eagerly watching our homecoming. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Peeta extend his hand. I look at him, unsure. One more time? For the audience? he says. His voice isnt angry. Its hollow, which is worse.


Already the boy with the bread is slipping away from me. I take his hand, holding on tightly, preparing for the cameras, and dreading the moment when I will finally have to let go.






.
